 haha.. well I think I have luckily passed that one
 
 one thing that will definatly get me rlly pissed off is if u just randomly msg me outta the blue n say "wanna play" i will immidiately tell u to fuck off n never talk to me again lol
 
 last thing I want to do is offend you.
 
 what topics do you think might get offensive?
 
 Haha brown mackie doesn't have dorms haha. I wish. but it just depends on the subject normally not easy but it all depends on what it is
 
 so no dorms? I forgot.. how easily offended are you? lol
 
 dorms no
 
 haha ur funny. n i don't get much i make from $50-100 a month or every two months
 
 or are you giong to live in the dorms?
 
 oh.. gotta p?  need some help? ROFLMAO JK JK
 
 how bad is money?  I remember you said your dad was helping you with money
 
 how much added to his could get you a studio apartment or something.?   
 
 brb gotta p
 
 haha
 
 once i get into school im sure ill be able to get a job bc just having that "college education" on ur app or reseme gets u interviews for some reason
 
 think I failed?  LMFAO
 
 (haha my attempt at sounding 'hip)
 
 lol duh.. I mean before you gradumuwate and get all growd up like and get some heavy chedda rollin in
 
 haha that would be why im going to school to get a real good paying job
 
 lol want a job? ;) jk jk jk
 
 um no job lol
 
 oh.. why not? ;) lol
 
 no lol i wish
 
 you got your own apartment?
 
 Nothing rlly. been sick for the past week n it sux but that didn't stop me from going to a friends party saturday! lol I rarely get out so hey the chance to go out n have fun im all for it n nothing was gonna stop me
 
 there. now that I have officially placed you WAYYY out of my league. ;)   what have you been up to today?
 
 rofl
 
 I own 5 xbox's becasue I fix them. lol
 
 haha
 
 so.. yea... nerd.. 
 
 lol
 
 my comptuer engineering will be focused into a technical Masters in Artificial Intelligence specializing on the Emotion Chip. 
 
 lol
 
 so.. I kinda take the cake of 'nerd' 
 
 kewl
 
 my second will be a B.A. and eventually a Masters in Vocal and Instrumental Music Performance and Education
 
 sweet
 
 lol the music part is hott
 
 my degree I've been working on is Computer Engineering
 
 rofl
 
 I kinda have a plethera of Nerdism
 
 and my nerdiness is Math
 
 Science
 
 computers
 
 singing
 
 and instrumental. 
 
 girl nerds are hot.. lol
 
 just like i know almost everything about a computer n some guys tell me its hott so u tell me lol
 
 just depends on the nerdiness lol
 
 pretty sure that 'nerdiness' is not considered attractive these  days. HAHA
 
 That's why i'm going to tutoring lol
 
 (if you can't tell I'm not laying my 'smoothest' lines. HAHA)
 
 just to try to refresh you and math?
 
 would you possibly like some studying help?
 
 you got a month
 
 nice..
 
 22nd of September
 
 when is your test?
 
 lol  
 
 Really weak haha! Ive forgotten everything.
 
 (not trying to be nosey
 
 I'm good at math.. I might be able to possibly help prepare so you do well) :)
 
 how weak is weak?
 
 Just to c where i am n shit
 
 i gotta score at least a 41.1 or something
 
 math is my weak point.
 
 any topics you are worried about?
 
 Yes
 
 for class placement stuff?
 
 is the college entry exam?
 
 Practical Nursing i'm going for
 
 its gonna be math science n english i think
 
 what subject hun?
 
 Yea haha! I gotta take a test for school the day im supposed to be up there so i gotta stay here.
 
 i see how it is.. beautiful women always have plans. lol ;)
 
 No they are not leaving me here just bc i literally can't go. I have something to do
 
 so.. your fam goes to cali and leaves you stranded here?  thats  messed up ;) lol
 
 mornin
 
 morning. :)
 
 My family is from Cali
 
 n r visiting Cali!
 
 is your famly from Cali? or are they visiting?
 
 what do you spend money on? you spoiled sexy woman? ;)
 
 wow congrats. lol
 
 I don't spend money on either
 
 my dad pays for my concerts
 
 drinks
 
 food.
 
 whatnot
 
 drinks. 
 
 etc.. 
 
 I meant like concert wise.
 
 Id rather spend it with my friends
 
 I wouldn't need money to do that. I live fine with my finances
 
 n happy where i am.
 
 you there hun?
 
 if you could pick and amount of money that would help you do everyhting you wanted.. what would it be? over a ..... 2 week period?
 
 yea
 
 what (if you could choose) would you spend a month on 'other' items.. fun
 
 drinks
 
 concerts
 
 etc..?
 
 nice.. 
 
 yep verizon added line
 
 thats it? lol
 
 $10
 
 whats your phone bill?
 
 nice.. 
 
 Yea. I get money to pay my phone bill one way or another even tho im unemployed! Y&amp;T! n Science n Math
 
 but im going for Practical Nursing beginning of October.
 
 \\and what school topics?
 
 what concert?
 
 nice.. 
 
 Yes i'm fine. I just did a logo for a friend gained 50$ off that so i'm fine!\nYea i guess. tomorro concert with dad then back to studying for school
 
 :)
 
 at least you got some work done
 
 money still doing ok hun?
 
 Busy day
 
 wow nice...
 
 Laundry
 
 Cleaned the kitchen
 
 cooked n cleaned the kitchen again along with my room
 
 Laundry? or cleaning?
 
 what did you do ?
 
 ouchies...
 
 No i just finished doing my house work im tired as hell
 
 having a wonderufl morning?
 
 Ok hun :)
 
 It would be in my hands so I would be taking it! I'm not doing any hypothetically speaking shit
 
 all I'm saying is I'm not taking pics just for money I'd feel like a whore n others I wouldn't ask u or anyone else for money to begin with I dint believen loans I believen do it urself or suffer
 
 so you wouldn't be 'taking' it dear
 
 (hypothetically)
 
 its a 'loan' with interesting repayments. 
 
 its not 'taking' money. 
 
 no im not gonna take money from u
 
 its just not who i am
 
 even if i was dying to need money i wouldn't take it.
 
 (curiousity) 
 
 would you 'hypothetically' be interested in a couple hundred dollars? 
 
 ok.. 
 
 we don't got any coming up
 
 havent been to a concert in a couple years.. I miss them. I went to Rockfest 06
 
 07  and warped tour 06
 
 ok... let me know if you need/want a couple hundred dollars ok hun?  we can figure something out. :)\n\nand let me know what concerts are coming up
 
 I might be interested in going. 
 
 i got a phone i can use so its all good
 
 how much will your upgrade cost?
 
 texted you again .:)
 
 texted you again hun
 
 good morning... you're up late. 
 
 text me when you are done getting ready
 
 I'd love a picture of what you are wearing for the concert. :-) 
 
 ok..  did I offend you? you disappeared. lol I hope I didn't
 
 idk who else
 
 im trying to finish getting ready
 
 is it just iron maiden or who else is supposed to be at the concert?
 
 what did I do hun? and can I fix it?
 
 I wasn't trying to offend you
 
 if that is what happened...\nWhat time is your concert tonight?
 
 hey hun. 
 
 or threesomes. so you ahve me beat. lol
 
 mine out be either sex in a park
 
 
 
 sounds like fun. 
 
 haha um sex with a guy n 2 girls while drunk
 
 kinky
 
 location
 
 etc...
 
 craziest sexual thing you have done
 
 Not really.\nNo haha
 
 you still with me hun? I didn't scare you off did I? lol
 
 so... I would love to come help you hold your waist. ;) HAHA (might have been drunk
 
 but didn't forget that answer to the question) hehe
 
 ;)
 
 that sounds like you are thinking about it. HAHA
 
 lol
 
 you skipped my first question. ;)  ROFL
 
 Iron Maiden
 
 anywho....  what concert do you have tomorrow deary?
 
 HAHA
 
 ahh.. do you want some 'other' company ;)  ?
 
 family best friend
 
 who's your company? ;)
 
 i got company lol
 
 want some 'company'? HAHA ;)
 
 Awe how kute
 
 sorry i love kids. Just staying home then tomorro another concert.
 
 so what do you have planned for the rest of today? given the rain and everything?
 
 4 months
 
 3
 
 3
 
 5
 
 5
 
 in total... 3 girls 2 boys. lol
 
 i had a concert last night. so i was pretty tired. \nO nice
 
 boy or girl?
 
 I had my kiddos pictures taken. :-)
 
 sounds like fun. lol
 
 slept most the day
 
 what have you been up to today hun?
 
 Yea im fine
 
 You doing ok?
 
 Good evening. :-)
 
 good morning
 
 Thank you! Ttyt
 
 and thank you for the add. You really are beautiful
 
 Good night for now
 
 I'll text you tomorrow hun. 
 
 I might have to actually ask one of these days then. and take my chances. lol 
 
 probably? lol
 
 haha id probably say no lol
 
 I'm kinda curious what you would say though. ;) lol
 
 haha then log off silly
 
 Imma log off before I ask if you want some help holding your waist. ;) lol
 
 :-D   goodie... 
 
 waist
 
 so hands on shoulders or waist when he's behind you?
 
 hell no
 
 hair pulling or no?
 
 doggie tbh
 
 favorite sexual position?
 
 Hehe i'm not easily offended n trust me
 
 ik what alcohol does haha so ur good with me.
 
 and just blame the alcohol when/if you yell at me later. lol
 
 ok.. well I warned you . lol ;) lol   hmm.. one question before I log off (and hopefully dont offend you in the process. ROFL)
 
 don't really have one
 
 i just talk about whatever comes up
 
 favorite topic of discussion?  
 
 goodie ;)
 
 no
 
 question.. are you easily offended? lol
 
 Y don't u text me whenever ud like
 
 520 975 0145
 
 ((unless you want me to stay online. ROFL))
 
 (and.. thats my cue to log off. lol ;)  haha) ttyl .. text me if you are bored.. 913-669-0172
 
 bet you looked amazing at the concert deary.. 
 
 Haha I just got back from a concert so I'm not far behind u on going to bed haha
 
 well trust me
 
 its either bed
 
 or the online conversation takes an 'interesting' direction.. booze and bowling.. always makes me an 'interesting' conversationalist lol especially on topics of interest. lol
 
 Lol alright
 
 lol   well I'm off to bed.. hmu if you are bored.. :-)  
 
 Yea i only added u cuz Rebekah was a mutual friend
 
 good to hear.. sorry about the random FR. lol but I was bored and looking through people in Tucson. lol
 
 Im doing alright
 
 Hey hun
 
 how are you doing tonight?/this morning? lol
 
 smile
 
 good evening
 
 having fun?
 
 goooood morning. :D
 
 Goooood monring.. Bored at work.. how are you doing today?
 
 How is everythig going for you?
 
 Having a good day?
 
 everything going good?
 
 Good morning hun (afternoon
 
 whatever it is. lol) thanks for the add. :)\nHow are you doing today?
 
 How's life
 
 hey girly how are you?
 
 gorgeous :)
 
 love the new pictures :)
 
 what have you been up to??
 
 hey girly
 
 smile :)
 
 hey girly
 
 hey hun
 
 how have you been?
 
 you finally make it back online?
 
 hey gir;y
 
 You online girly
 
 Hey girly
 
 You there hun?
 
 :P
 
 message me on here and. 913-669-0172 justsay who it is. :)
 
 kk  
 
 My phone bout to die I'll hit u up
 
 you still there hu?
 
 anything I can help with hun? ;) haha
 
 man?  a man
 
 or 'the' man? lol
 
 Man
 
 saw your status update. lol
 
 whats up hun?
 
 Smh if you only knew
 
 sounds like you are having an amazing week. lol
 
 love the new pics. 
 
 how are you doing today hun
 
 Happy New Year! 
 
 hey girly
 
 how are you?
 
 oh.. nm.. HAHA he'l on mine.. (sorry)  looong night/morning/yesterday... etc..
 
 is Darrel on a team yet?
 
 whats going on that you think your phone is tapped hun?
 
 good morning/afternoon
 
 You gonna have enough $ to live it up vegas style? lol 
 
 You been saving up for Vegas? :)
 
 gamblin
 
 drinkin
 
 partyin
 
 etc.. :)
 
 What do you have planned for Vegas hun?
 
 Good afternoon hun
 
 how are you doing?
 
 how is everything going hun? COngrats (a little early) but Happy Birthday :)\nLife
 
 love
 
 and finances treating you ok?
 
 Live
 
 love
 
 and finances? all that fun stuff
 
 How are you doing hun? everything going good for you?
 
 How are you doing today?
 
 How are you doing today? :)
 
 How easily are you offended?
 
 What
 
 Boredom mostly lol
 
 &amp; allot Lv is just lv
 
 Why do you keep asking about my money lol
 
 Hows money over all for you?  \n\nAnd wat do you dislike about lv?
 
 Lol for three time being Lv is koo. But yeah I really don't like it here
 
 Wow.. First time I've heard someone say all was good in lv haha .. You rolling in da money ?
 
 Good good &amp; good lol
 
 working.. so its going. HAHA..  How is LV treating you? Life
 
 love
 
 and finances?
 
 Yes hows your
 
 having a good day thusfar hun?
 
 Good afternoon hun
 
 how are you doing today?
 
 How are you doing today deary?\n
 
 good mroning hun
 
 Hows everything gooing hun?
 
 boredom mostly. . thats about it. 
 
 why do u insist on messging me when i clearly never reply
 
 Having a wonderful day  hun?
 
 I hope everything is going well foryou... (sorry
 
 bored at work again)  I'm Phillip.. HOw are you doing tonight?
 
 good morning
 
 so what are you up to? (sorry boredome at work)
 
 good morning deary
 
 smile... you having a good day?
 
 Good morning hun
 
 How are you doing today?
 
 huh huh huh huh huh
 
 did you figure it out
 
 good afternoon :)
 
 good morning
 
 how are you doing today hun?
 
 Whats going on hun?
 
 I'd message you
 
 whats you number deary?\n
 
 mornin'
 
 gorgeous picture you just added dear
 
 Good afternoon hun.  How are you doing today?
 
 you havin fun today?
 
 How are you hun
 
 I live in Tucson Az now. lol
 
 I'm originally from Lansing/LV
 
 Blue:\n\nWhat do you look for in a man? (most attractive feature)\nFavorite color?\nOne place you want to visit before you die?\n
 
 hey sexy woman
 
 how are you tonight?
 
 How ar eyou doing?
 
 hey girl
 
 how you doing tonight?
 
 hey gorgeous
 
 good evening. HAHA\n
 
 You and the Mr doing ok?
 
 Good evening
 
 now wasn't that easy to say?  and dont worry
 
 I dont want to jump on you
 
 steal you from one of  your mrs.'s  or anything else so chill. lol
 
 I just wanted to let you know I'm happy and married to my sister taylor
 
 and we have a polygamous marriage with our other sister kalee....we have all of our eggs soaking in puertorican sperm right now as we speak. So we plan to have baby's...now Taylor is one jealous bitch and doesn't like when men contact me because I'm her woman and Kalee has bitch slapped guys for less so please dear god leave me alone.
 
 moprnin
 
 smile hun :)
 
 happy New year random person that doesnt talk to me. HAHA
 
 Hope you had a good holiday hun
 
 do you like takling to me or no?
 
 do you have an issue talking to me? or me takling to you?
 
 ok.
 
 if you dont want me to talk to you
 
 just tell me. dont have juanita do it. Please and Thank you
 
 anything planned for today hun
 
 haha
 
 use your words your not 2
 
 lol meany   LMFAO
 
 yeah. but no i think im just throwing up because of you!
 
 lol we'll just say its mine ;)
 
 or one of the other guys from a couple weeks ago
 
 awesome.. now since we apparently had sex already wanna do it again? ;) lol whats your favorite position? haha
 
 yeah i think its yours
 
 morning sickness? you're pregnant?
 
 yeah your right
 
 but evertime i do i can't help but throw up. i can't tell if its from thinking about you or the morning sickness
 
 thinkin about me? LMAO
 
 good
 
 tired
 
 Lol hows your monday going
 
 i was just wondering? no question
 
 theres gotta be a question there somewhere hun. lol
 
 why?
 
 jw
 
 why?
 
 ya
 
 have you been overseas?
 
 you should chat with your veteran since its my day. LMFAO
 
 I'm bored.. wanna chat. ? lol
 
 how are you doing?
 
 ?
 
 the at&amp;t subscriber you are trying to reach is no longer a valid number.
 
 how are you doing gorgeous?
 
 idk how funny lol. i have a dog named crazy she's a jack Russell terrier mixed with pit bull and three cats. i love cats and i don't have the patience for most kids and i love shiney stuff lol
 
 animals? what kind?  why no kiddos? and shiney lol
 
 it would be funny to be yelled at by you. lol
 
 lol idk how humorous my responses will be. umm Im 19 and idk wtf is going on in my life. i love animals. i love shiney and pink. i love working out. i was a nanny for the past year and a half i don't like kids don't plan to have them. i only like the kid i nannyed. i want to join the navy. and i love my friends!
 
 and I might hit on you just to hear the humorous responses. lol
 
 everything. HAHA... jk
 
 i am so happy Im back
 
 its a relief. and i would really hope you wouldst hit on me lol because i won't respond with any good/nice answers....um what do you want to know ive been in lv my entire life
 
 How are you liking being back in LV?
 
 smile
 
 anywho... tell me a little about yourself? how long were you in LV?
 
  I'm not an idiot. I just really have no morals.. but.. I wont hit on you
 
 becasue she told me not to. and you just got out of a relationship
 
 and because I'm in Arizona. HAHA
 
 juanita says your a idiot. lol and thanks
 
 mainly because she told me not to try with you. lol so of course I had to message you (not to try anything
 
 but just to say hi) :)  and because you're attractive (plays a big part)  and.. welll I'm a guy I dont have to have a reason. lol but thats all I can think of at the moment
 
 Maybe I'll have a heartfelt reason later. ;) HAHA
 
 me too
 
 lol its okay. and thanks im glad i have wonderful people like her in my life. and its okay im glad im gone. and don't take this offensive but why did you message me?
 
 I'm glad she was able to come help you out. :) Sorry about the reasoning though..
 
 Oh.. Hi.. btw.. haha I'm Phillip. and trust me.. Juanita either has
 
 or will tell you I am an imorral person and you shouldn't talk to me. HAHA\nFigured I'd warn you. lol
 
 nope we are close though!
 
 You guys back in LV yet?
 
 hey.. do you and your family drink soda? if so how much? and if so.. do you drink off brand?
 
 
 
 :p
 
 Miss ya. ;)
 
 \u263a\ufe0f
 
 Mwah.:)
 
 Thanks lol
 
 Happy birthday babe ;)
 
 Would you be willing to fill out an affidavit stating that while you knew me in England Marissa moved out and left me to care for kids and work with little to no help?
 
 gorgeous lil missy
 
 Ok
 
 well I'm here
 
 and you still have my phone number right girly?
 
 no and i'm not really in the mood to talk about any of it
 
 anything I can do? 
 
 whats up now hun?
 
 life is pretty much one storm after another
 
 hows everything else going?
 
 you know its true
 
 you sexy sexy woman. ;) MWAH lol
 
 smh
 
 Still look amazingly sexy. lol
 
 I'm alright. Home is way more comfortable than the hospital but I've got some healing to do and that's tough when I don't have any help or transportation. Baby and I are healthy and happy.. And exhausted!
 
 hey girly
 
 how are you doing? :)
 
 Lol well he isn't noisy yet. I guess he hates the silence as much as I do now that his hearing is developing in there.. I put some music on and he stopped moving around so much. Trying to focus on schoolwork but not very motivated right now.
 
 I can make babies quiet
 
 but I'm not there :( sorry hun
 
 Wish this kid would stop moving around so much and I wish his dad wasn't a complete ass. Way too quiet in this apartment all alone.
 
 yummy belly ;)
 
 never. lol
 
 Relentless you are
 
 sexy sexy sexy pregnant woman. ;)
 
 hey gorgeous. :)
 
 mwah
 
 We should catch up ;)
 
 Text me  9136690172
 
 I'm doing about as well as a broke jobless pregnant woman can all on her own. Hopefully moving into an apartment soon.
 
 sexy sexy sexy sexy prego. ;)  how are you doing?
 
 Good :) I'm glad you're happy deary
 
 I may have but I am super happy with my situation now and so glad that I was able to find him again.
 
 Lol you know you had fun haha
 
 SMH. 
 
 Lol outer let me give it to you ;)
 
 Lol maybe it's tone to changer your birthday present
 
 Definitely
 
 and I obviously know the best time to do it too! 4th pregnancy that was conceived on my birthday! Oy vey! Hoping for a boy this time!!
 
 you know how those are made right? HAHA ;)
 
 Totally
 
 Congrats. :)  you excited onthe new addition inthe making? :)
 
 hows retirement
 
 hola sexy woman
 
 I don't know anything about anything
 
 :P
 
 if you hadn't already known about Nick Pitera
 
 I'm on my phone right now
 
 listen to this guy
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMYgBNr8CZ8
 
 Already checked what my seperation code will be
 
 that way the commander cant say shit. 
 
 I'm thinking about getting out at the end of my enlistement and reenlisting in the guard. LOL
 
 commander HATES that one
 
 You should definitely go for meb 
 
 and generally
 
 I have a doctors note to wear head phones at work
 
 and listen to music as long as it doesnt interfere or distract from work. HAHA
 
 Saundra has a sensory issue
 
 my son will be getting diagnosed with a form of asperghers
 
 
 
 lol
 
 Love this guy
 
 
 
 But what do I know?
 
 I know a little about asperghers and I don't really think you have it.. 
 
 Wow 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUY8PxfM3F4
 
 and I got diagnosed with adult asperghers. lol
 
 I'll pull that route if needed. 
 
 So now I will be a medically retired disabled vet 
 
 I tried to fight my last referral but I realized the AF DGAF about people
 
 Yeah my pt tesats f'd my eprs too couldn't promote or tdy/pcs 
 
 among other things
 
 Now I'm going to the ADC to fight my last referral. lol
 
 my messed up PT (due to my shins) fucked up my EPR's so he doesnt like that I dont have 5 5 5 5 5
 
 That sucks
 
 mine is basically that my commander doesnt like me. 
 
 They have to cut again
 
 Seems like a lot of people are going to get that kind of news
 
 They're kicking me out at the end of my enlistment in June.
 
 I'm still looking for a job
 
 put in about 4 applications for autism line therapist jobs in WI 
 
 Yeah I know
 
 kiddos are good. everything else is well... you know how the universe works. lol
 
 I don't get on FB much these days but I saw you were havin a bit of a hard time
 
 How are you and the kiddos?
 
 lol
 
 good after-evening
 
 ouchies
 
 hey
 
 hola
 
 Thanks
 
 check out  my success on stocking up on soda and starting extreme coupon ing \nPosted pics
 
 Congrats on school victory for lil man
 
 didn't you see my post?
 
 nothing
 
 what did I do? lol
 
 lol i'm irritated
 
 i have my own entourage
 
 fun stuff
 
 and I have a full day of nueropsych eval being routed through TriCare. LMAO
 
 I currently have 3 psychiatrists
 
 1 psychologist
 
 and a referral for a neurologist
 
 nice
 
 its official.. my doctors think i'm nutzo. ROFL
 
 Later phillip 
 
 okey dokey. Mwah !  ttyl deary
 
 Well I'm gonna kill my phone should prob turn it off in case I need it later
 
 lol
 
 Felt like I was at work
 
 Yeah it was the first time for me to have that kind of test
 
 lol nice. wish I could get that one
 
 I actually have about a 10% loss in my left ear from ear infections as a kiddo  and in a crowded environment
 
 my mind has issues hearing (but people say I have 'selective' hearing)
 
 I had to repeat words and one of the tests had static noise in the background
 
 Lol the tests I did today were awesome
 
 wtih sound blocking headphones in a soundproof booth (i wonder why I have perfect hearing) dumbasses
 
 Of course no pressure issues either (today)
 
 I have perfect hearing (according to the military)
 
 weirdo. lol
 
 Apparently I hears all the tones in the 0-20 decibal range
 
 lol
 
 Had to turn the sound off for my hearing tests lol 
 
 lol
 
 Well I have awesome hearing
 
 ROFLMAO\n
 
 All sad poor you have to be normal with one gf 
 
 but.. I didn't say share. lol I saidbribe. rofl
 
 and luckily she's not going anywhere. :-) 
 
 now its just me and my mmain gf
 
 Lol
 
 And I'm pretty sure he's not up for sharing
 
 one moved out. 
 
 nope. 
 
 You have enough females
 
 lol I'll just bribe him. ;) hehheheh
 
 ohh.. but I want a turn. :'(   
 
 Well if things continue as well as they have been you may not get a turn
 
 Its like we never left each other 12 yrs ago.. Picked up right where we left off
 
 He is the guy I dated when I was 17 and he was 15 
 
 When is it my turn? ;)
 
 Yes :)
 
 someone having 'fun' ;) hehe
 
 sean?
 
 fun fun fun
 
 then had to come in on Mon-Wed for most of the day because they said so. (even though that was my transition time)
 
 I haven't slept much since last thurs.. Esp with sean here
 
 I worked last monday-saturday regular schedule
 
 Great 
 
 and I didn't even get switch over time
 
 I'm at work
 
 working 2am-3pm today. lol fun
 
 Haha hi
 
 I'm at hospital for some med appts 
 
 good morning beautiful
 
 I'm gonna help mom make dinner
 
 well come out to me
 
 I'll take care of you ;) and take you bowling. lol
 
 lol
 
 The one on base is where we met and had our wedding reception
 
 And worked at half of them
 
 No such place he has bowled them all
 
 I need to be somewhere far away from Terry
 
 bowl at a hole in the wall that Terry doesnt know of
 
 Not here
 
 you should. :P
 
 Don't
 
 I font bowl anymore
 
 Yea that's cool
 
 that are normally like $3.50 each here
 
 so I got 2 free games
 
 I got 5 out of 7  on saturday
 
 interesting and a nice way to get free games for $ .50
 
 Bowling nerd
 
 so you can get 150$ off of 15$ if you get all the marks all three games. lol
 
 then they also have a 'brunswick bucks'  where you can put in up to 5$ per game (they have a list of certain frames that need strikes or any mark)  and you get 10x's what you put in if you get all the frames. (its seperated by averages and it harder with a higher average)
 
 Interesting
 
 on the unlucky 7
 
 if you get 6 of the 7 you get 5 free games
 
 if you get 5 of the 7 you get 2 free games
 
 same idea with the unlucky 13 (just 13 strikes in the 3 games) and the pot starts at 100$
 
 Never heard of that
 
 if you get the unlucky 7 (7 strikes marked on frames in the 3 games) you get a minimum of $25   more if a lot of people bought in
 
 Hmmm
 
 $ .50 to enter into an 'unlucky 7'  and $1.00 to enter into an 'unlucky 13' 
 
 they have a weird little house thing here for the bowling leagues
 
 I hope it works too
 
 lol
 
 Crazy lol
 
 We dated 12 years ago but it feels like yesterday when we talk
 
 hehe
 
 Hopefully it works out. if not
 
 I'm still here ;) MWAH!
 
 Someone I lost a long time ago but found again
 
 who adores me as much as I do him..
 
 then who or what is it hun? :)
 
 :D\n
 
 mwah
 
 Exciting huh?!
 
 Finally think I may have found who/what I was looking for
 
 I'm no genius for sure
 
 Yeah cause I had 140 something when I was a kid
 
 I remember when you had to be 160 for genius
 
 this is the new scale
 
 IQ Scale\nOver 140: Genius or almost genius\n120 \u2013 140: Very superior intelligence\n110 \u2013 119: Superior intelligence\n90 \u2013 109: Average or normal intelligence\n80 \u2013 89: Dullness\n70 \u2013 79: Borderline deficiency in intelligence\nUnder 70: Feeble-mindedness\n
 
 Lol really? Cause the last test I had was above 120 and I'm pretty sure I'm not that intelligent
 
 they changed the scale since we were kids
 
 not when the new rankings says that a 140 is genius
 
 Lol that's pretty good for an iq test
 
 so what good is tat?
 
 the IQ thing is + or - 20 points.. 
 
 and a basic rough IQ thingy they have
 
 already taken two of the Shipleys' and the ADD test
 
 at least three more weeks till then
 
 I have more tests
 
 and 'therapy' (ewww)
 
 Well I hope they help you out and give you something
 
 Lol
 
 I bet they thought all the geniuses were insane
 
 I just want meds to ebe able to concentrate and equialize my personas again
 
 like  90's for each. lol
 
 When I was going to depression group after my miscarriage I asked how I get to stop coming.. They said whether you stay or leave was based on your answers to the questionaire.. So I changed my answers so they would let me go lol 
 
 the manic avoidant schyzoid portions were WAYYYYY to high to be in the 'norm' category. lol
 
 Yeah you are normal 
 
 They said.. "no alcohol dependancy hits
 
 so thats good"  lol
 
 I asked if therewas anyting I didn't get flagged as
 
 so far we have established that I have manic/schitzod/avoidant tendencies
 
 with a dash of ADD and ADHD and the  possibility of Borderline personality disorder and possibly a future iwth Bipolar in it. \nLMFAO
 
 You aren't crazy
 
 your a genius.. Lol tell them you're the next einstein
 
 Lol nice
 
 my 'crazy' isn't confined enough tofit into one diagnosis. ROFL
 
 I'm 'too' crazy in 'too many' ways for the psychyatrist and psychologist to recommend me meds without a lot more tests. 
 
 mine too. :P
 
 My family is all kids of crazy and drama drama 
 
 Morning
 
 having fun? :)
 
 I need someone who is content with just being with me who loves me as much as I love them and I'm starting to think it might beca fairy tale
 
 He was still having sex with his wife but "in love with me" telling me she's crazy blah blah
 
 then said I already knew he was addicted to sex and it was just sex and if he can get a nut he's gonna take it.. I was like ok thats all I needed to hear
 
 goodie
 
 And just broke up with my dumb bf
 
 I'm a good person to vent to. :D
 
 its ok
 
 just vent ;)
 
 And yes I am in a bad mood
 
 lol what about me? :P
 
 I dont like my family
 
 but tucson would be close to family
 
 you already konw people here
 
 and it would help your pain prolly
 
 I didn't ask. :P
 
 someone in a mood today?  :)  Mwah. 
 
 lol
 
 Good then don't ask
 
 I didn't ask you to share did i? :P :P :P :P lol
 
 A man
 
 get you on a bowling league down here. :-)
 
 share what?
 
 Looking
 
 Too far and I'm not looming to share
 
 goodie
 
 so move to tucson. :)
 
 I have family in Phoenix
 
 theres no humidity here
 
 you will probably have less issues with your pain
 
 you should come here
 
 lol  I'm ok in Tucson. 
 
 Then I'd have to stay here- no wY!
 
 well 
 
 just have them hire you. lol
 
 I give up on trying to make the AF happy
 
 I am awesome at my job and the civilians I work for love me
 
 They are such fucking assholes
 
 lol
 
 He has about 3 months left
 
 wow
 
 This past week
 
 A guy in my shop is getting kicked out for PT
 
 the demoted him to a1c
 
 when I'm at 5.5 years time in service
 
 I will test for the first time next year
 
 We are losing about 50% of our undermanned shop
 
 I still haven't tested for Staff. lol
 
 Lol
 
 they are just looking at less
 
 so much for more with less
 
 lol
 
 They used my report to brief the chief if staff yesterday
 
 How good you are at your job hasn't mattered in years
 
 They are kicking all kinds of people out for medical and PT
 
 just stick me in a basement and leave me alone
 
 WTF sense does that make? rofl
 
 but I keep getting told I'm amazing at my job
 
 a bunch of little shit
 
 and my PT waiver
 
 THey are still talking  about kicking me out. 
 
 lol
 
 My shop is about to lose half it's people
 
 lol
 
 I was eligible to test but not to promote
 
 sounds like me
 
 Referral EPR for failed PT test
 
 how wer eyou not eligible?
 
 Fuck them they are going to miss me when I'm gone
 
 Don't even know what I scored
 
 I didn't get promoted cause I'm not eligible
 
 Fun
 
 three different crazy tests
 
 I had a psych testing session today. Woo! rofl
 
 lol
 
 ohio?
 
 My girls want to move to Ohio
 
 Guidance counseling is what I want to do
 
 I don't know depends on if I can get back to school n finish my last few classes
 
 You have no excuse
 
 I forgot
 
 I know you told me. but I forgot
 
 what type of job are you looking at when you get out?
 
 MWAH!  lol   
 
 true
 
 but at least I'm crazy. I have an excuse. lol
 
 Sex is all you think about
 
 why?
 
 I hate men
 
 &lt;(") Penguin hehe
 
 MWAH! (between ur legs) heheheh ;)
 
 Lol nice
 
 (WHat doyou think of my haircut I had in vegas. lol)
 
 what are you thinking of doing after you get out?
 
 
 
 We actually have very similar features but she keeps her hair super blonde
 
 Yes my sis is blonde and attractive... Lol I was like she is my half sister
 
 and my daughters look a lot like her
 
 smack. 
 
 Wed he came to my desk lookin at my pics and pointed at one n said who's that? I was lik um my sister why? He said she doesn't look anything like you.. I was like FU
 
 Erik
 
 the MM walks over to talk to me about how awesome Terry is all the time I want to punch him
 
 Every frigging person in this town knows him
 
 Bad enough our new MM is friends with Terry
 
 yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
 
 Lol nice I don't bowl here
 
 anda  145 average on my challange shot singles league
 
 181 on my friday league (but I have like 18000+ pins so I cant raise it anymore) ROFL
 
 I'm up to a 196 average in my Saturday league
 
 Imma take 2 of my migraine pills before bowling tonight. lol
 
 lol
 
 I really hope I don't get the side effects from the prednisone... All of them are symptoms I currently have
 
 I was like one is for allergies and the other is temporary for the allergic reaction
 
 Yeah the pharmacist was trying to tell me not to take one of them cause two are antihistamines that will make me sleepy
 
 make me REALLY! tired  and if I have to take more thanone I get loopy. lol
 
 I can't even take my meds at work really
 
 hope fully ou get better
 
 Holy god I feel like shit.. Finally home and took meds
 
 :P (under the sheets hehe)
 
 :P
 
 mwah
 
 talk to you in a bit deary
 
 goodie.. then when I come visit you can get on me ;) rofl mwah
 
 K have to turn fb off on my phone run to store for more drugs lol then home
 
 I will get back on when I get there
 
 workin mission
 
 prolly the next like3 hours
 
 Hey are you gonna be online a while?
 
 ok.. we'll skip the drinking and go right into gremlins. ;) I'll hide under the blanket. ;) hehe
 
 Allergic to everything
 
 I don't go outside much 
 
 The rehabs are tea and lemonade
 
 Then I'm ready to crash.. Think I might be allergic to caffeine lol
 
 being in tucson
 
 i basically have to drink water and gatorade all day
 
 been drinking monster rehabs 
 
 lol the gallon of lemonade has about 3000mgs of caffiene and about half vodka
 
 I'll make you some energized vodka lemonade
 
 lol
 
 me either. 
 
 Haha energy drinks have no effect on me! 
 
 hype you up
 
 see vodka and redbul then. lol
 
 I am sure you would lol.. I don't go out.. Don't have time or energy for a life
 
 then watch gremlins. hehe
 
 go out get a drink or 12
 
 I'd still love to come 'visit' you deary 
 
 lol
 
 And my kids have enough issues thanks to their dad's crazy women
 
 well my 'other-other half' is on ACCHES (which is state insurance down here)
 
 I'm not looking to share a man with anyone.. I need someone who can love me and take care of me as much I love and take care of them
 
 Yes I know th\xe2t I just meant for kids and insurance and all that crap.. Plus I'm the one who is so far away.. And I finally got my meds and stupid damn phone sucks and is dying 
 
 MWAH! &lt;(") PENGUIN!
 
 anyways. lol
 
 and.. this conversation never happened (okey dokey)  MWAH! ;) :-)
 
 and me and Marissa met up with a swingers couple while we were in England
 
 and he worked in the 488th. lol
 
 extremely quiet
 
 and no one knows.. (get it? ;) ) 
 
 military means you just have to be quiet
 
 He is already married to the first one so I'm just the other girl
 
 and that doesn't work well with being in the military 
 
 Yeah I don't think I could do that :( 
 
 and they each get their own nights with me
 
 I get my nights out
 
 my girls get their nights out
 
 like I do
 
  and the person in the middle has to make sure they spend equal time with both parties.:)
 
 to make these work
 
 everyone talks
 
 and everyone is listened to
 
 everyone gets their own time alone
 
 well this style of relationships aren't (other women) (etc...)
 
 I need a real relationship again I think.. I tried the non-relationship thing but we both fell.. And its not working for me anymore.. I don't like being "the other woman"
 
 so you'd stillbe up for me? ;)
 
 Lol sounds nice
 
 hehehehehehe
 
 I'd even share one of my girls with him if he wants (and they like the idea)  \nbut my only restriction is I have to tell them before I sleep with anyone. thats it. :)  they can say no
 
 but they dont
 
 unless they dont like the person
 
 so.. when do I get to visit you? ;)
 
 Haha 
 
 2 boys and 2 girls.. And yeah I'm working on that part :) she will warm up eventually my girls really want to spend time with his kids
 
 I always get outvoted though. lol
 
 oh I'm sorry. these relationships are a lot better if everyoe gets along
 
 I usually have the neighborhood kids over they are 7
 
 7
 
 10
 
 and 10 lmao 
 
 Haha nice lol
 
 no his wife doesn't want me to see the kids.. But I think they might come this summer
 
 and I still need to get out to see you :-) watch gremlins. ;)
 
 (see why I'm buying a 5 bedroom house. lol) and I'm turning the Den intoa  6th bedroom
 
 lol
 
 lol the only difference is 
 
 have you had all the kids in the same house?
 
 Haha we are 2 days
 
 4
 
 4
 
 6
 
 6
 
 and 10 and only one boy
 
 the 10 year old
 
 sounds like you are going for the relationships I like. lol
 
 He stopped talking to the other women when I finally agreed to see him more.. But I didn't tell him to stay away from his wife.. Lol 
 
 lol
 
 sounds liek fun huh? :D
 
 2 months
 
 1
 
 2
 
 3
 
 3
 
 5
 
 5
 
 Yeah I love havin a lot of kids around
 
 as long as I get a lil help
 
 so basically 7 kiddos. hehe
 
 Haha nice 
 
 Lol he lives in ohio
 
 his fam in wv
 
 I seem him every once in a while lol.. 
 
 and her gf has 2
 
 its ok 
 
 with the gf here we have 5 total
 
 and my kiddos are smart. :D hehe
 
 and I can help on the you having another one. ;)
 
 Lol he was messing with like 3 or 4 chicks when I started talking to him
 
 I didn't think he was still messing with his wife
 
 and I wasn't looking for a relationship...
 
 so is everyone 'getting'some at least? ;)
 
 I want to have one more of my own.. Lol 
 
 sounds like an 'intersting' relationship
 
 Yeah with the baby he and his wife have had 4.. They have been "together" 11 years.. She was 15 when their first was born
 
 Lol poets are never famous
 
 4 kids?
 
 soo be my partial suga momma
 
 then you can do that stuff and be afamous writer. ;)  
 
 Lol your 2 kids is way better than my current mess' 4 kids
 
 Just want to be happy
 
 Wanna do school guidance counseling
 
 write
 
 and do photography
 
 Hahaha if I did contractor it would only be long enough to finish school and save some money
 
 nice. then you could be my sugar momma ROFL ;)
 
 Have had offers for contractor jobs
 
 Lol if I don't make tech I might be going and asking for med board
 
 soo... like I said you still have me. ;)
 
 23 more people til my turn! Started moving faster
 
 I bought the baby a pretty lil blankie and a little elephant rattle blankie thing.. His wife liked them lol 
 
 Its different when a guy is separated and NOT sleeping with his wife.. 
 
 Damn stupid feelings.. Gotta learn to ignore those better
 
 I have the worst luck
 
 Haha I was dating a guy.. Still am sorta.. But he apparantly isn't going to leave his wife lol
 
 they haven't lived in the same state for the last year.. And a couple months ago I found out his wife was preg
 
 after I stopped talking to him last summer he went back to her and she had the baby wednesday 
 
 well you have me. ;)
 
 but.. I think I did pretty good. 2200sp ft 5 bedroom house 149
 
000$
 
 She is the only one who has any life here lol.. And 2-3 boyfriends 
 
 your mum sounds soo lonely half the time . ROFL\n
 
 My mom n girls all have allergies now too.. Saw the girls' sinuses on their dental xrays wednesday 
 
 This weather is so bad for my fibromyalgia and the allergies are killing me
 
 And 110% humidity
 
 Yeah been about 103ish here in summer 
 
 but the humidity is non existant
 
 its normally about 110 here in the summer
 
 Haha :) yuuup 
 
 Imma make Staff on my first test. ROFL
 
 Its hot here too
 
 Took me 3 time to get ssgt.. This was my 3rd test for tsgt 
 
 I'm lighter than I was in england. but I'm not working 12's really
 
 and its hot here. lol
 
 If I don't make tsgt this year I can't test next cycle.. 
 
 Yeah that bites.. I was doing so well in england.. Now I'm sick
 
 failing pt
 
 and *bout 20 lbs heavier again 
 
 5 year mark on the 26th
 
 I still haven't tested for SSGT
 
 I have gotten 2 back to back referrals due to PT
 
 I failed the walk test here cause of stress and my heart rate was thru the roof
 
 Yeah I'm not doing too hot with pt either lol.. Failed last year and got referral epr.. Passed by the skin of my teeth last test.. Literally the very last second I could finish and pass
 
 but.... on a walk test
 
 I scored a 91.5% overall with the other sections
 
 When tech results come out I have big decisions to make
 
 I can't run and finish
 
 I can't pass my test though
 
 I'm so miserable tho 
 
 Haha yeah all I've had to say is no I'm fine.. I will pass my pt test that's all that matters 
 
 luckily I'm intel.. its a littleharder to get rid of us. rofl
 
 figure it out to kick me out is prolly how that will work. 
 
 Weird.. Sorry
 
 hope they can figure it out
 
 scan*
 
 so prolly gonna need a bone snac
 
 they still dont understand my shins. xrays were pretty clean.
 
 Nice house :) you need to paint your lawn green lol 
 
 I will have to check it out when I get home :) and yeah I've got so many issues with my head.. Anterior sinuses so I don't get nasal congestion or any visual signs of sinus issues
 
 saw the ridiculousness on my ct scan and were like wow here are some allergy meds 
 
 whatcha think?
 
 http://www.trulia.com/property/3078933428-7962-E-2nd-St-Tucson-AZ-85710\nheres my house :-)
 
 causing an imbalance prolly
 
 Nothing wrong with my ears but feels like my eardrums are bursting.. Gets worse with those damn noise-cancelling bose headphones
 
 They say its allergies lmao.. Afecting my hearing and giving me ear pain
 
 dizziness
 
 nausea..
 
 When I'm not having a migraine
 
 I have a headache
 
 non-stop the last year
 
 Yeah I've had multi-day migraines lol.. The docs put it in my med records once but never gave me meds
 
 until I saw the neurologist here
 
 between 2-6 a week
 
 mine last from 3-13 hours straight
 
 Awesome! Congrats 
 
 Chronic migraines are no joke
 
 I hate them
 
 finalize me house purchase on the 30th :)
 
 Yeah had a ct scan couple months ago 
 
 and thats messed up... wow
 
 I have been sick the entire year I've been here
 
 just gor a referral to allegist today
 
 and the first 4 meds they put me on didn't work
 
 ct because I've had my migraines for 4+ years
 
 Hopefully they figure out what the hell it is
 
 xray for shins to see if its  stress fractures
 
 I take a antidepressant type med for my migraines 
 
 Lol nice 
 
 and... my migraine medicine is an opiate. ROFL
 
 HAHA
 
 then I'm off to Optometry on Monday and 'behavioral health' on Friday
 
 I had xrays
 
 a ct
 
 and a new migraine medicine in the past week
 
 lol
 
 Not feeling beautiful right now.. I HATE waiting at this pharmacy!!
 
 hey beautiful
 
 Hey
 
 K
 
 well I'm off work hun. txt me. :)  
 
 ouch..
 
 Lead
 
 Leadership=a ssgt who has been in the AF as long as I've been a ssgt who was appointed shift leaf
 
 Today I got a written counseling for "arguing with leadership" 
 
 A handful of us are discussing gluing outside the chain to report a hostile work environment
 
 It's horrible here
 
 you'be been in too long for that hun
 
 If I can't get out of here I'm looking into getting out
 
 and hopefully zone B stays at a 5 for the next like 5 yeras. ROFL
 
 I have a 2 in zone A currently
 
 Cool
 
 wen I reenlist again
 
 That's like how I've worked with forsman here in England and then here again
 
 for like 4 years or 5 years.. so I can still get zone B\n
 
 and reenlist in June :D
 
 I hit a year in July
 
 Haha
 
 I can't pcs til i have 2 years here
 
 rofl
 
 *airman
 
 and.. bfore they knew I knew her
 
 she's slotted to pick me up as a troop
 
 lol
 
 talk about a small IC
 
 Yea lol
 
 Sgt Hammond is PCS'ing here in like Oct
 
 if you remember her. 
 
 ha ha
 
 National Surprise Drug Test Day  ROFL!
 
 you know what 4/21 was right?
 
 4/20 was the showing.. and my bother showd up high
 
 yeah with everything that has been going on i haven't been able to get riley enrolled
 
 signed all my mortgage papers on 4/20 rofl
 
 kids enrolled in school
 
 cool
 
 house is in final stages
 
 mortgage is done
 
 
 
 i meant the important stuff hahaha
 
 yeah me too lol
 
 etc...
 
 I can do my job with my eyes shut
 
 everything else is autopilot for me
 
 nope.
 
 well i try not to think about it so much.. makes everything else a little easier
 
 I like it
 
 I'm good at it. its fun
 
 tastes good. yup yup yup
 
 me.. nope not really
 
 you boys never think about anything else
 
 we could watch gremlins
 
 ;) and I could disappear. :)
 
 lol \nwhy dont you konw?
 
 why is facebook sooooo slow?! grrr
 
 haha i dunno.. 
 
 lol soo when I come visit? ;) hehe
 
 haha thats fine.. he is a pseudo for a reason.. he isn't quite available and he is far away
 
 well imma still hit on you ;) makes you smile. :D
 
 lol really?
 
 and my pseudo bf
 
 and i got to see my sisters and my brother while i was in town
 
 best step family you could ever ask for
 
 they were the sweetest
 
 kindest people i have ever met.. and never fake
 
 yeah it was alright.. his wife passed away not long after my dad and stepmom got together so he had been waiting 15 years to rejoin his wife ya know..
 
 (sorry
 
 not good with dead comfort.. it effects me differenctly than most)
 
 on the 'kinda' positive side
 
 it wasn't a surprise..
 
 oh..
 
 its alright he was older and sick for a while so we knew it was coming..
 
 I'm sorry hun :/
 
 Oh.... '
 
 soo when am I com'n to  visit?  :D
 
 he was my step moms dad
 
 my grandpa bill passed away
 
 just got back from being home again
 
 good. :)
 
 haha i am doing alright
 
 hows my girl doing?
 
 hi
 
 hey gorgeous
 
 I remember :D
 
 you are yummy
 
 Yeah we had fun. I dunno about the bonus and yummy stuff lol. My life is such a disaster right now.
 
 a YUMMY bonus ;)
 
 some additional 'fun' is a bonus :D
 
 lol.. I do want to come visit you anyways. :P  I miss you we had fun. between the 'us' stuff
 
 as well as bowling
 
 movies
 
 etc..
 
 You really are in a mood lol.. Maybe you need to find someone a little closer to 'cure' you
 
 I'll 'cheer' you up :) mwah
 
 lol
 
 can't wait till I get to come visit you. :)
 
 Haha you are awful. I've been a good girl since I've been back in the states. A lot easier to be a hermit when you live in georgia and hate everything lol.. 
 
 well
 
 whens my 'fun' :D  mwah
 
 lol
 
 I like him.. Lol.. And I spent almost every evening hanging out with him while I was home.. Good cuddle buddy :) and perhaps I had a little fun :/ 
 
 did you see him or 'see' him?
 
 tsk tsk
 
 I see this.. I kinda did something stupid last week.. I saw Jacob again.. 
 
 sorry.. i'm in a 'mood' hehe
 
 Wow lol
 
 and I might add another 'piece' 'in' there to help ;) haha
 
 if I was there
 
 I'd pick up the pieces and help you stick them back together. 
 
 Hahaha I've been so stressed and trying to do everything for everyone. I feel like I'm fallin apart.
 
 you look amazing being lazy. lol
 
 nice... so you should txt or email me a sexy picture of you on lazy day. lol 
 
 Hey :) today is my lazy day
 
 hola
 
 at work. getting ready for a meeting. :) I'll txt you later. :D have fun hun
 
 Not sure why it says I'm online but you can text me
 
 good morning
 
 I'm alright
 
 how about you?
 
 Hey how are you?
 
 hey hun
 
 hey sexy. 
 
 goood morning
 
 oh... good morning. :) mwah
 
 sorry deary.. I'm on almost the same path
 
 like 3 months overdue for my PT test but I was on a profile
 
 (that they couldn't find so I could test run exempt) but they knew they couldn't test me
 
 but they also couldn't waiver me without the forms.. so I basically have until the end of January to test and I'm still about 2 minutes from passing...
 
 Work pt school work pt school.. No sleep.. Failing pt tests.. Anger filled meeting with capts and msgts.. More pt.. Oh and lots of dr appt
 
 and no sleep
 
 eh
 
 at work. so what hav eyou been up to?
 
 Hey how are you?
 
 :P
 
 hey girly girl
 
 yippee you're online
 
 hola
 
 Hi I am at the spa with my mom for massages
 
 Hey hun
 
 hows everything going?
 
 Of course they did lol it was great I will be posting pics tonight
 
 kids have fun?
 
 Disney was pretty good
 
 How was Disney dear?
 
 Hows Disney world?
 
 But it seems that there are a few things here that might help me
 
 Yeah the army docs really suck
 
 the doctors were at least good\ncompared to here
 
 That's crazy
 
 I miss england. even though I hated EDIS there
 
 just fucking screened
 
 ED plan
 
 therapy
 
 treatment
 
 
 
 just Screened .. not
 
 same with Saundra
 
 I'm here because I'm Q coded... and I have a minimal of 6 months wait to get adam autism 'screened' again
 
 And I still haven't found dental for them even tho both girls need to go
 
 My mom only gets partial coverage here too
 
 I had to pay for riley to see a doc for busted ear drums.. Cause there wasn't an ER around
 
 Tricare is awesome
 
 Yea I know the AF is not a people person lol 
 
 TriCare denied part of my Physical Therapy for my shins
 
 
 
 fun fun fun.. and the AF hates everyone
 
 well I know that part of me is there in nebraska.. And there is nothing I can do about it because the AF hates me
 
 makes a weekend bender scary. HAHA
 
 That's right lol 
 
 haha
 
 we all go straight to deserter. 
 
 remmeber hunny you are 'special'' you skip AWOL .. 
 
 Haha the awol thing.. 
 
 ;)
 
 what wont happen?  me or Nebraska? rofl
 
 I know that won't ever happen
 
 but I am still thinking about it
 
 Yeah it was herman cain lol
 
 and the intelligence of the nation has dropped 5 points
 
 wow...
 
 Sorry cnn is on in the waiting room
 
 Wow so a presidential candidate says "aint gonna happen"
 
 that just sound slike it would make it more fun fo ryou
 
 But I've been thinking about it
 
 Not a good idea with my meds lol 
 
 u need a drink. lol
 
 Just want some of the pain to go away
 
 ouchies...
 
 Have to get xrays then go back to see him next week for results
 
 Had a chiropractor appt.. He says he thinks and injury 10+ years ago might have messed up the curve of my neck..
 
 '....' fun?
 
 I am waiting to get xrays taken
 
 Haven't had a drink since my class reunion 
 
 Nope
 
 you have your drunk night yet?
 
 :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P
 
 lol
 
 well if I pass through
 
 you are getting drunk
 
 and yo momma can deal wit it and watch da kiddos. :P
 
  if i ever have one lol
 
 I want pictures of your Drunk night out
 
 tomorrow night would be way better
 
 but i have to be at work at 0645
 
 yeah i told him it sounds fun..
 
 sounds like u need a night to get trashed. 
 
 fun.. and ohh.....
 
 and i have to work in the morning
 
 that asked me to go out
 
 it was my gay friend that we met our first night here.. 
 
 fun fun
 
 you goin?
 
 Not asked out.. But invited to go out with someone
 
 Got asked to go out tonight
 
 About to do some school work
 
 I just got back from dropping the girls off
 
 Very nice
 
 the LT went and grabbed ice cream. lol
 
 Wow
 
 Im makin icecream sundaes in my office. ROFL
 
 boo
 
 hey girly
 
 how was halloween?
 
 wow they are getting big
 
 Hey.. Kids are doing well.. They are at their dad's yet again because my mom picked up extra shifts at work and I work tomorrow :( but they are getting so big! I can't believe in 2 weeks Riley will be 4 and then 13 days later Morgan will be 6! 
 
 Hola. how are the kiddos doing?
 
 HOLA! :) hows the kiddos
 
 DM on lock down
 
 go to kvoa.com and look
 
 hola
 
 Boo
 
 Hola
 
 does walking around help? (I'm switching accounts... message my other one)
 
 I am still a little upset but I'm in too much pain to do anything about it
 
 thank you...........   and.. Horrible BF lol\n\nbad guy
 
 ground him. ;)
 
 Well congrats on getting a flight.. 
 
 Ouch.. I'm sorry hun
 
 they let me off work last night
 
 I found out I fly out Saturday :) yay me.. and that is a HORRIBLE BF
 
 Hey.. You are at work right? I can't sleep.. Too much pain.. Apparently my inability to sleep due to excruciating pain caused my bf to become upset and go home.. Leaving me here to suffer alone.. Yay :( 
 
 Lol
 
 Lol
 
 Lol
 
 I still expect to see you :P a hug
 
 kiss on the cheek.  big hug... big enough to make the bf jealous. HAHAHHAHHA
 
 fine :p
 
 I'm not going to have a 'mandatory' going away outing. lol \n\nI am dealing with TMO since I am trying to leave on the 16th... (and Finance is turning off my entitlements on the 16th so I better be gone. HAHA)
 
 Things are alright. I attended the memorial service for SSgt Ring
 
 he was a really fun guy. Mom and the girls attended as well. I am still a little shook up and upset but at least we all have our memories of him to keep us smiling. \n\nI have been spending a lot of time with the boyfriend. I hope that he will stick around because we all want him to and he wants to as well. I only wish I had met him sooner so I could have had more time with him before I have to leave. He really makes me happy and the girls really like him too. It just feels good.\n\nI hope things are going smoothly with your outprocessing and getting out of here. I am sure things will get better for you when you are back in the states and minus some rather heavy baggage. Let me know when you are going to leave so I can make sure to attend your mandatory going away outing. :)
 
 Hows things?
 
 hehe hahah Maybe you'll have to go to your back up plan eventually. ;)
 
 Lol
 
 goodie
 
 I'm a backup. ;)
 
 Yeah might be underway
 
 sounds like a plan? ;)
 
 Lol
 
 don't go crazy :P :P unless its for me
 
 or the bf. heheh
 
 I'm exhausted and going crazy
 
 haha
 
 How is everything other then that?
 
 That was almost the reason I didn't.. But he is pretty awesome.. You might know him from around the center.. He has been here 5 years
 
 haha thats a good reason to get wit him HAHA\n\nDo I know this person? ;) :P
 
 I have been hanging out with him a bit the last 2 weeks. I really like him and he really likes me for some crazy reason. He might be getting out of the AF soon because his knee is messed up. I did find out that he and Terry know each other
 
 and hate each other. Lol. 
 
 well time to find that person. :)  and... I'm always a backup. ;)
 
 I know! Lol. You have no idea how hard it has been with the girls thinking I should just be happy with them. Morgan had actually told me once that nobody loves me like her dad loves jess. I cried.
 
 haha well if Morgan approves I can't complain. LMAO
 
 Haha yeah someone who might stick around and doesn't have some wife lingering around.. No offense but that has been the last 3 guys for me.. Nothing personal. Morgan told me I'm allowed to have a bf now and she thinks it should be him :)
 
 real bf? lol whats up hun.
 
 Haha moving to shakespeare lodge tomOrrow... Tmo tues/wed.. Not a lot of life going on.. But I may possibly have a real bf soon lol.. Kicked ass at bowling tues night
 
 won all 8 points. Fighting with everyone.. Mom and terry.. And my family back home is sucking the life out of me.. Yay
 
 umm awesome? lol\n\nHows life
 
 love
 
 and extra curricular activities?
 
 Hi. I have my tmo brief today. Joy. I'm exhausted.
 
 :)
 
 I wasn't trying to hurt your feelings
 
 I was just saying that I have to deal with what I have. lol\n\nI wasn't trying to be an ass. \n\nI know that my situation is fucked. lol
 
 I know your situation. Thanks for hurting my feelings. I'm sorry I'm just in a bad mood. I know I'm lucky to have my mom.
 
 I do not have family to come help
 
 so I have to make due with what I have. If I sent her back with the kids
 
 Iwould never see them\n\nI'm not on Adams Birth Certificate
 
 SO i have to tip toe to get what i want.  its almost over
 
 SHe will start over with Ryenn
 
 and I will take my kids and start over. \n\nI feel like she will slowly see them less and less and I will eventually be completely rid of her. but... I have to get through Work
 
 kids
 
 and her right now. \n\nI don't have the option that you used. I dont have anyone to come here.
 
 But it isn't functioning.. Its malfunctioning... And there has been plenty of chance to get rid of her.. Anyhow.. You aren't the only guy I know who has done the same thing.. But your situation just seems more ridiculous.. 
 
 Oh
 
 I know its crazy. but it has to function until I can get rid of her.   Once its all over
 
 I will be better off. but I have to get to that point first
 
 I am just finally getting rid of my drama.. And you are neck deep in it.. I like you
 
 you are a good guy
 
 but you are also kinda dumb when it comes to life.. I wish I could help you see how crazy it all seems from the outside..
 
 ok :'(   and ok
 
 Possibly.. No.. And maybe..
 
 sometime after the 25th....\n\nSooo...... movie? violation? Wii?
 
 Wow. I am. And that's awful. When are you leaving?
 
 oh... really.. I don't think you're a good girl.... \n\nand you are soooo much fun to violate ;)
 
 Lol crazy. I am a good girl
 
 I don't violate people.
 
 Laugh... Cuz I'm harmless. haha\n\nalthough.. you are always allowed to hit me on the head and violate me. HAHAHA
 
 Lol I don't know if I should laugh or be scared.. 
 
 hmm... I'll hit you over the head
 
 and get rid of him... \n\nAnd I'll even be nice and not violate you after you pass out. I'll just play Wii with the girls till you wake up :)
 
 We aren't. :p I need someone to hit me over the head and get this guy out of there.. I can't believe I let myself fall :(\nUgh!! Love sucks! 
 
 True.... hahaha\n\nSOooo. how are we getting dangerous?
 
 Hahahahaha funny.. You need a little less drama in your life
 
 HAHAHA
 
 Mwah! hehe
 
 Goodnight
 
 get some sleep hun
 
 Lol maybe
 
 I'm sorry hun. been smoking a lot recently
 
 I will make sure that I dont smoke for a couple days before coming over and curling up with you :)  \nSound good?
 
 Yeah except I couldn't sleep with an ashtray ;) if we are gonna watch a movie you are gonna have to make sure you don't smell like cigarettes or ashtrays lol
 
 You got a little bit of a back massage.. a bunch of hugs
 
 and a couple kisses. .... and I wish I wasn't working... I'd have just passed out on the couch with you
 
 Lol whatever
 
 what?\n\nI didn't do anything. :P
 
 Dirty trick lol
 
 well I'll leave now and  come get a hug
 
 ... maybe a little kiss on the cheek. HEHE
 
 Barely half awake
 
 still awake?\nI'll leave now if you are
 
 Ok
 
 I'll leave in a minute.. I'll write you first. ... fixing on last 'issue' and I'll be over to  give you a kiss....I mean huig
 
 I guess lol I'm tired
 
 Soo is that a yes for the hug?
 
 Lol
 
 a hugs
 
 a hug... :D  you know I  like to cuddle \n\nI'd drive even farther for a kiss. \n\nand cross country for anything more. ;)
 
 Lol lots of driving for a hug lol.. 
 
 ohh... careful with sticking your tongue out at me. ;) I might put it to good use. LMFAO\n\nSoo
 
 if I can get out of the office to come give you a hug is that ok?  :)
 
 I didn't say detachment was a good thing.. I said it was easier. He wants to stay close.. Obviously not physically since I will be in Georgia and he will be in Nebraska. I guess we might be able to hang out sometime.. :p 
 
 well
 
 detachment is not alwasy a good thing
 
 but I am available for cuddling
 
 talking
 
 movies
 
 Wii
 
 'etc...' ;)\n\nand just being there. lol I have some 'interesting' info lol
 
 Lol nothing you want to hear about lol.. You know john came out to visit me and his trip was cut short.. Scott and I grew a lot closer over the last few months.. We were closer than we'd ever been when he left a week ago... I'm definitely in love with him and there is nothing I can do about it. Life must go on I guess. I hate being a silly girl. Its just so much easier when I can detach myself from feelings all together..
 
 like what?\n\nwhats going on?  talk to me babe :)
 
 Ahhhhh that's what that means... Things are a little complicated for me as well lol... But only in my heart and in my head.. :)
 
 :'( :'(  that means I want to tell you
 
 and would love a night of cuddling :)
 
 Haha does that mean I will never know?! Lol
 
 you have no idea. lol \nI might tell you during a night of cuddling
 
 I figured things would get complicated.. They always do.. 
 
 yea... if I came to give you a back massage
 
 I might get frisky. lol so probably not the best idea right now. haha\nwork... well slow..\n\nEverything else... LMAO  its gotten even more complicated.
 
 Lol I doubt that.. How is work and everything going? I am so ready to leave this place!
 
 ohh.. back massage? I wonder if I can get out of work long enough to come give you one. :)
 
 Lol I need a back massage lol.. Hoping to fall asleep soon.. Picking mom up from gatwick tomorrow
 
 WOW lol\n\nhmm.... i want to come give you a hug and kiss :)
 
 Lol.. They are in their beds... Morgan is super pissed off.. I got her new sheets for her bed.. Super mario.. She loved them.. But now she is mad cause I didn't get the comforter too.. Wow
 
 If I was off
 
 I would come help
 
 maybe curl up with you after they go to sleep...\nI wish I was off now. I'd be over there in a minute.....
 
 Morgan is acting like a 13 year old and Riley is attached at the hip.. I can't handle it all by myself. I have no idea how my mom did it.
 
 I'm sorry hun.... :'(\n\nYou could come get a hug... I know I could use one. :)\n\nwhats up with the girls?
 
 Oh yeah great lol.. I've had a migraine all day.. The girls are crazy.. My throat hurts now... I'm tired and I can't get a minute of peace.. Its great
 
 How's your evening going?
 
 I hope you get sleep
 

 
 At home with the girls trying to sleep
 
 are you awake? You go party?
 
 :)
 
 :D
 
 :D
 
 ohh... no hug? Booo! hehe
 
 Wow that's ok
 
 you should come get a hug. ;) and a birthday kiss. (just one) haha\n\ndon't worry
 
 I'll be gentle and Wont try to spank you 28 times... (ohhhhh.. kinky) haha
 
 Lol thanks. Happy birthday Adam! Everything sucks lol. Scott is taking me out tomorrow though :)
 
 to Adam and you. :D\n\nHows everything going hun?
 
 NO
 
 ME ME ME ME ME ME ME! lol
 
 Lol no I want to be 30!
 
 hugs hugs....\n\nI wanna be 30
 
 I'll trade you :D
 
 Ohhh....  I kinda wanna be there with you ;)
 
 Lol I'm drunk in bury
 
 Morning :D
 
 I am happy for you hun. Everyone deserves to be happy.
 
 Alright things are alright... Bad weather in the northeast... Took twice as long to get to ohio as it should have. I got here this morning and I drive to meet terry with the girls tomorrow.. I get to meet up with john in new york :) he is coming back to visit with me!! Sooo excited
 
 How is everything going?
 
 on my way now. :D
 
 friendly?\n\ngood thing she doesnt get details. lol ;)\n\ncan't wait for my hug ..\n\nand really really can't wait for my cuddle up and sleep time
 
 She knows I am trying to be happy now and that we were friendly.. I don't give mom any details.. And she isn't going to kill you
 
 ohhhhh just  a hug? :( \n\nlol\n\nAnd I guess I can say hi to her. she isnt' going to kill me is she?\n\n(and does she know?)
 
 Just a hug lol you can say hi to mom
 
 can I still come over and get a hug? :D \n\nNo one is here yet. but... when they are here I'm there. (if its still ok) lol
 
 Thomas just left I am relaxing and chatting with john
 
 ?? lol
 
 lol becuase its Christmas and you said Hi to your favorite TSIC member. :P\n\nSo
 
 is he gonna be there when I get off of work?
 
 Lol he was like how does he know I'm here? I was like um I ran into him earlier
 
 good. lol that would be...... awkward. lmao
 
 No he doesn't 
 
 I am asking how his 'one per country' goal is going. lol\n\nRandom question... He doesnt know does he???
 
 Lol he keeps laughing :) we are playing nick jr wii fit
 
 maybe. why? lol
 
 Lol having a good chat with thomas?
 
 You's yummy. :D and I can't wait till next weekend
 
 What
 
 guess what?
 
 You should come inside the little foyer part. \nI'll meet you by the elevator
 
 I am on base just finished at the shoppette.. Should I come insoide or sit in my awesome rental car? Lol red pt cruiser with flames will be outside
 
 I think I can deal with just a hug. I might be a little disappointed. ;) but.. thats ok. I get to cuddle up with you in a couple days
 
 hopefully. lol\n\nwhen are you coming on base?
 
 Lol I never said I would come see you.. Maybe just a hug
 
 when you come on base let me know so I can come see you. \n\nPretty pretty please stop by to see me. :D
 
 so you going to stop by on base adn see me? \n\n:D  that would make me happy  talk about an amazing christmas present
 
 Lol I have to venture out to see if any stores are open for mom
 
 cool
 
 cool
 
 cool
 
 always needed
 
.... A fairy costume?? lol\n\nhmm... Kinda want to leave work to come give you a hug and a kiss. lol\n\nthink that might be ok?  just maybe?
 
 Clothes
 
 movies
 
 games
 
 socks :) a fairy costume.. 
 
 What did the kids get?
 
 cool. soo what are we watching?\n\nother then me watching you sleep ;)
 
 I got myself a new tv for my room some stuff for my ipod and a couple of movies
 
 Soo any good presents?\n\nOther then my hug that is coming?
 
 So is that a yes?
 
 Lol ok thanks
 
 Oh hun I'm sorry
 
 just wait till I come over next weekend
 
 you will get some sleep (if our kids ever go to bed. lol)\n\n\nSoo Hopefully you are awake I want to give you a big hug and make you all better.
 
 Well if I can stay awake.. I think I'm sick or something I've been so tired... I have been laying down for like 12 hrs and feel like I didn't sleep at all
 
 Maybe?&gt; what are my chances? lol
 
 Maybe
 
 Sooo I have a question?\ncan I stop by to say Merry Christmas and get a hug after work?\n\n:D
 
 Merry Christmas
 
 MERRY CHRISTMAS
 
 Mwah
 
 well. SPending time 'time' with you would allow me to focus on college better later. LMAO
 
 I wouldn't say more important but perhaps more appealing than college..
 
 NOPE!. LMAO (I'm doing college as well
 
 But you are more important currently .  lol)
 
 well
 
 I guess you should let her sleep there
 
 lol \n\nand then you should find a night to come sleep with me
 
 so I can prove you can be good around me.
 
 Does anyone ever ask what you do on facebook all night?
 
 Geez lol.. Mids!
 
 Morgan is hiding under my covers cause she wants to sleep in my bed
 
 hmm.... boobs. :)
 
 see
 
 all the more reason to sleep (sleep) with me
 
 Sleep? What's that? The girls are still in and out of my room and its 2330 :( 
 
 I do want a cuddle only bunny. .. ... Sorry
 
 its late
 
 its mids
 
 etc.. etc...\n\nbut I do want to curl up with you and go to sleep
 
 we both deserve a goods night sleep.
 
 You make it difficult for me to be good.. I think it might not be a good idea for me to be around you too much.. Not sure I like the bad me
 
 sorry
 
 I want you... ;) \n\nif you had  a car
 
 you should sooo drive to work. ;)
 
 Oh boy lol
 
 Your face when you are with me is priceless. ;)   And I would Llloooooooove to see it again. :D
 
 Of course you do
 
 hmm. I have a joke :D
 
 Lol yeah and her face is priceless
 
 lol she grabbed your boob ^_^
 
 Sure you going over there after? I will be in my office shortly
 
 Does that sound ok? Maybe you can drive with me to the post office..
 
 Lol
 
 or 12 :D
 
 K. I have to run to the Shirts office today (no clue why
 
 and I'm nervous. lol) but I would love a kiss.
 
 Lol probably when you leave we are here until 0930
 
 WEll
 
 I can guarantee that if we talk about it
 
 I'll want it. ;) (told you I enjoyed myself. lol)  \n\nand yes
 
 I would love to enjoy myself again 
 
 if you wanted to enjoy yourself... :)\n\nso
 
 when are you coming to work?
 
 Lol
 
 Sorry :( I'm tired
 
 and I really loved having sex with you...\n\nHmm.. (we need to make sure we do not talk about sex before we go to bed) lol
 
 Wow... Just wow..
 
 no it doesnt. and if I am lucky and you are horny
 
 you may be chock full of ME! ;)\n\nSorry
 
 its 8:48am and I am working mids lol
 
 Lol well I know what you mean.. I don't do anything without feeling.. I am chock full of feelings.. It sucks!
 
 if we end up as cuddle buddies
 
 kissing buddies
 
 or (yea) buddies.\n\nI will not get the wrong impression. But there will be  feeling if that last one happens. I don't just have sex to have sex. I love having sex and caring about the person I have it with. \n\nBUt that does not mean that I will think you are going to Arizona or something crazy like that. \n\nWe can be together here
 
 since we both need someone. (if you want)\n\nEither way. I want lots and lots of kisses
 
 and cuddling. :D  (the other part would just be an AMAZING bonus)
 
 I have been talking to my ex John back in texas.. He has been there in some tough times for me.. I think I will eventually end up back with him. I just don't want you to think I'm hiding anything. Everything in my life is falling apart and he is there for me. I don't want to do anything I will regret later. Hugs and cuddles are ok in my book.. And much needed..
 
 maybe=yes :P\n\nyippee. I am lonely
 
 and I am sorry if it feels like I am distant or stuff like that. I just 
 
 idk..\n\nI just want to hold someone
 

 
 Maybe :)
 
 I like the kiss just as much as the hug :D lol \n\nSo
 
 does that last message I sent sound ok?
 
 *hugs* 
 
 Mwah
 
 I can not promise that I will not want you
 
 but I can promise that I will try (actually try). I promise.\n\nThe main reason that trying will be easier is becuase it is basically
 
  (I try not to tease you
 
 or... I sleep alone) and I hate being alone. :(\n\n\n\n((that being said
 
 I do still want you. If/when you want me ))
 
 Nice disclaimer.. I'm not sure I want to be tempted.. Cuddling would be nice if we could be sure that would be all that happens. I want to start over and do things right this time around. I want to stop ignoring my morals.
 
 so is that a yes? \n\n(I am not asking to have sex
 
 just to have someone to hold) \n(I've changed a lot in the last week
 
 I am a lot more depressed) \n\n**If we end up having sex at one point (I love LOVED having sex with you) but if we do end up having sex at some point
 
 it will not effect us cuddling
 
 (if you want to cuddle that is)
 
 I'm not a fan of being alone
 
 hopefully it all works out for you. If you do send them back and you want a cuddle buddy (cuddle)
 
 I am available. Sorry
 
 I hate sleeping alone. :/
 
 I am just in a bad place right now. I think I'm done with guys here.. Focusing on my girls while I have them here with me. I might have to send them back after christmas :( but at least I have someone back in the states waiting for me.. And maybe the love I've been looking for or running away from will be waiting for me there..
 
 ok
 
  It was just an offer
 
 so don't feel bad. K
 
 I don't know.. I'm not sure if I want to leave the kids right now. 
 
 Marissa will probably be leaving as soon as I get home from work Wednsday morning. So if you wanted (since you don't work THursday) I could come pick you up Wednsday evening
 
 and take you home Thursday morning.   (if you wanted)
 
 I still don't have a car right now...
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 If you want someone to curl up to I could use some company Wed night (no sex. just sleep)
 
 Don't worry about it. I've decided to stop hoping the squadron will help me and my family.
 
 what happened yesterday?  Hasn't been to hot for me either. :(
 
 Yes I'm always at work.. I'm at language training right now.. Its been a bad couple of weeks and yesterday was the worst
 
 Sooo.. You gonna be at work today?
 
 On my way now sorry it took so long
 
 Ok I will.. Not promising anything special lol I cooked tonight.. Meatloaf
 
 cheesy scalloped potatoes and green bean casserole
 
 message before you leave.
 
 Almost done cooking
 
 soo... do you kow when our yummy homemade food is coming? approx.? lol ;)
 
 Lol I know josh kokinda too he is at the 94th in maryland.. His family is from pennsylvania.. The two kokinda family's say they aren't related but I am sure they are.. :) 
 
 do you have a relative named Josh kokinda? The new guy is curious
 
 he knows a Josh Kokinda liguist.
 
 i am sorry hun.. i can cheer you up upstairs... ;)
 
 Yeah we are gonna make dinner for you guys.. I am exhausted and feel like crap lol but food will come
 
 are we still getting Meatloaf and extras this evening? :D
 
 Perhaps ;)
 
 Its me.. isnt it? ;)
 
 :D hopefully they will be very sweet.. I know what would make them sweeter... Well another night.. Another story.. Goodnight love
 
 good night dear. sweet dreams
 
 Sure... Well I am off to slEepyland for a couple hours..
 
 Everyone finds someone. it just works that way.
 
 Well good for you. I just want to make it through life and be able to do well for my kids and be happy.. Even if that means alone.
 
 lol I also intend on living it up as well. lol
 
 Very nice of you to think about your grandkids like that :)
 
 lol\n\nIt wont be too bad. I plan to make my grandbabies trust fund kids. lol\n\na one generation jump from trailor-penthouse
 
 Good luck with that
 
 oh ok. lol :P hahaha\n\nI still am going to retire with 1 Million dollars. lol
 
 Hahahaha well I told you I don't share so I guess a little less money..
 
 hmm....idk. .. .... me and my 5 wives. lol\n\nall military\n\nthat is ALOT of MONEY
 
 Yeah that is crazy... So when am I moving in? Lol jk 
 
 my cap is 1023$
 
 Very nice
 
 I am looking at houses in Tucson\n\n4 bedroom 
 
 2 bath....  850$ p/m\n\nhaha
 
 I dunno don't worry about it.. I'm resilient
 
 :( I'm sorry hun. .. .. What did I do?
 
 I like you too much
 
 ? why is you's confused?
 
 I don't know why you let her get you in trouble... And I'm so confused :(
 
 lol I am sorry you and mum are fighting. I dont know when I would be able to come hang out
 
 trying to get work (trouble) stuff figured out
 
 and Marissa's partying stuff. \n\nwho knows. I might have a gf. HAHA  tbd\n\nbut you always have hug priveleges. ;)
 
 I have had a pretty rough weekend. I could really use a hug. When are you gonna be able to hang out with me again? I doubt I will be going out anywhere now that mom and I are fighting again. But only a couple more months here and I can start over in the states.
 
 Pretty sure I did alright
 
 my meds kicked in right before the push ups lol I thought I was going to fall asleep right there! Exhausted!!
 
 good night. Get some sleep and good luck on your test. Mwah
 
 getting ready to head over
 
 I can also do that and not want to actually have sex if you dont want to. ;)\n\nbut I have not had that done to me that much
 
 and I don't really 'miss' it .. I prefer to please you... \n\nand KISS KISS KISS KISSSSSSSSS   all the time all over. Mwah
 
 Perhaps.. And good cause the kissing will definitely happen.. And that's good too ;)
 
 I love doing it. so I hope I would get the chance to do it at least once. :D\n\nbut I love kissing tons and tons also. :D\n\n(I do prefer to do it to you
 
 than to have it done to me)
 
 I have enjoyed it a couple times I guess I just dint feel comfortable enough with myself for that and I am selfish and want to be able to kiss all the time whenever I want. Lol
 
 I am sorry about the headache. \nI guess the only big question I had was do you like that "thing"? becuase I love doing it
 
 I wasn't upset I just get easily embarrassed. I was talking to Jon about it last night because mom kept calling me a prude. I don't like talking about that kind of thing or hearing about it. I am really weird in my family when it comes to that. But a few lucky guys have been able to find out how different I am one on one. I don't like to talk to my mom about that stuff at all
 
 never have. Maybe one of these days we can talk about stuff. ;) I am resting my head
 
 not having my glasses the last couple days has given me a huge headache. XoXo
 
 reading now\nyum..\nI am sorry if my (tongue) comment upset you... I really didnt mean it to.  the one i said a couple days ago\n\n\nand yes
 
 it does make sense (the liking me part) but I am not going anywhere... \n\n(and just for the record
 
 that is my favorite foreplay
 
 that is why I made the joke. )
 
 I am gonna set an alarm just in case I fall asleep. You know I'm not as good a girl as everyone thinks I am. I just hope that people still like me when they get to know my wild side. Sometimes I have trouble controlling myself and other times I have no trouble at all. I think I really only hold back from the ones I really like because I want to have time to get to know them and for them to get to know me. Does that make sense? Have a good rest of the night. See you later :) 
 
 fun fun fun... dont forget stuff for cookies. ;) \n\nSo.. do I still get to come say goodnight before I go home? (i dont want to push my luck that is why I ask)
 
 Lol ok I am heading to the commissary to pick up stuff for dinner
 
 if you decide to bring cookies
 
 let me know so I can come out and give you a hug and kiss before you bring them in. \n\n:Mwah
 
 Hope you have a marvelous Sunday. \n\nMwah
 
 (from the BF) HAHA
 
 well tell him that he is welcome :P
 
 About you lol he said to thank my bf for the cake
 
 about what? Why is he teasing you?
 
 I'm sure I won't hear the end of it lol jon is going to watch with us.. He was already teasing me
 
 ok
 
 I'll see you in about an hour. For a goodnight hug and (hopefully a kiss. ;) )  Have fun with the movie
 
 We are going to watch a movie at our house now... 
 
 fair enough. . I'll wait.
 
 When I know
 
 :( when will you know?????   :)
 
 Lol I dunno
 
 oh really? so do I stand a chance? :D
 
 No
 
 fun fun
 
 soooo does Jon have a "chance" since he made dinner and I only made a cake?? :( HAHAHAHA
 
 Lol yeah and the cake was really good.. Jon made dinner and we all ate over next door... We are all watching a movie now
 
 why is that good? Did I put you in a good mood as well dear?
 
 Lol good
 
 that was nice... :D made my day. .. I am actually in a good mood and happy right now.
 
 You still coming up to work hun? (if not I can stop by your house after work and drop off your present)
 
 Goodie!!!!!! can't wait to see you
 
 Soon
 
 amazing. bet you look stunning. when are you coming in?
 
 Thanks just finished my shower finally :)
 
 Welcome home hun
 
 Mwah. hehe. Mwah
 
 Hey hun
 
 just message me when you are in your office. Mwah
 
 you got the idea though didn't you? it involved holding you... but that is all the hints you get :P
 
 Nice censorship :) 
 
 ok
 
 I wish we had time for me to give you a massage
 
 might make you feel better. and.. (hmmm
 
 hot shower... comments comments comments)  **he there
 
 I censored myself** :D :D ;)
 
 yeah I'm on the bus.. But I might walk home and then drive back.. A hot shower would be nice I am hurting
 
 ok
 
 still coming back today? lol \n\nI am about 99% sure that you will love your present.. (hope your mum hasn't spoiled it)
 
 Lol ok.. I might run home and then come back :) bus is taking forever
 
 let me know when you get back to Mildenhall. You have a present waiting in your office. :D
 
 let me know when you get back to Mildenhall. You have a present waiting in your office. :D
 
 sounds good doesnt it? what do you think? (unofficially)
 
 Lol big ole house with my mom and 4 kids... Hmmm
 
 Sooo... completely humorous question.... If we both get the same base... want to split a house? ;)
 
 we';ll see what happens. ;)
 
 Meade 
 
 where in Maryland? Andrews AFB or Ft Meade??
 
 hmm... wonder if I can get there? ;)
 
 Lol I'm not sure where I am going... Probably maryland though
 
 what does that mean? ;) lol\n\nwhere are you trying to go?
 
 Well it is always possible we might end up stationed together again someday
 
 I understand and that is probably part of the reason I dont have a real chance here
 
 But I do like you
 
 a lot
 
 and would love to spend whatever time I can with you and if you change your mind on the serious part
 
 let me know...\n\nplease\n\nanyways. lol I can't wait to see you
 
 Its a sign that I like you.. Still don't want anything serious... But I like you :) and 'she' might be irrelevant but 'she' still exists...
 
 sooo. :D is that a good sign?  This looks like a good sign for me. but... I am not sure until you say something ... I would love this to be a good sign for me. \n\nand 'she' never has to be referenced becuase 'she' is irrevelant. Ok? \n\nMwah can't wait to see you
 
 :D
 
 I would love that hun. I wasn't going to push even though I do want to see you more.. I really do want to see you more....\n\nYes I stay in when I am not working. My house is a total wreck currently so I will attempt to make it presentable. ANd I will try to come over to your place as much as you want me to and I am able\n\nI really would love to spend the night with you again
 
 Lol yeah the one right next door who just sent his wife and kids back to the states.. his wife was "friends" with my mom and there was another guy a few months back that slept with her and then with me :( but she didn't know.. I kinda dated him for a lil while... Anyways.. I don't like him like that he is just lonely. He invited me over to cuddle up and watch a movie lol. So when can you come cuddle again? I am guessing 'she' is a night person so you stay in when you aren't working.. Maybe later in the week we can hang out
 
 the one right next door? that buys your mom chinese food? lol\n\nHmm...... But I like flirting with you.. :( Want me to beat him up? ;)
 
 Lol thank you :) and oh boy my neighbor is flirting with me via blackberry messenger.. Such a complicated backstory..
 
 anything else you want that I can help with?
 
 Your wish is granted. :D
 
 A nice long hug sounds really good right now
 
 I'm sorry you are sore hun. Mabye a hug and kiss might help a little. lol\n\nnot much help
 
 but a little. (this may sound like a little much
 
 but I really just want to give you a hug) &lt;--a long one
 
 I told mom to meet me at work so I will just have her drive me home :) thanks though sweetie..\n\n'My office' is if you walk out of tsic and look upstairs.. Left corner.. Or up the back stairwell then a right to the corner office.. Operations Training..\n\nAnyway.. I am so sore and tired and ready to be home!
 
 If you can get to the office
 
 you can borrow my car to take your luggage home. (unfortunately I cannot take you home) but it wuold be a way to get the suitcases home before you do your EPR here.\n\nWhere is your office exactly? HAHA (I stay away from upstairs)
 
 Yeah I am going to... I have some heavy luggage lol.. Not sure if mom is going to come get me or what
 
 If you dont want to slap me
 
 then you can do whatever you want to me. ;) lol\n\nSooo that means I'll see you at like 1400ish?\n\nYou still coming into work real quick?
 
 What if I don't want to slap you? I am just sitting here at heathrow waiting for the bus... I think the next one is 1200 or 1230..\n
 
 It actually made me slightly uncomfortable lol but I know you didn't mean to.
 
 yea... ~shy away~ I'm sorry hun. Probably tooo much. \n\nI'm sorry. You can slap me when you see me.lol
 
 Wow lol.. 
 
 wow... I was probably wayyyy to forward in my last message. I'm sorry dear. :(\n\nsee you when you get back Mwah
 
 lol sooo.. bored at work
 
 which normally makes my "censorship" a little lax... lol (remember you can tell me to shut up) but...\n\nI am pretty sure that I can make you scream from pleasure.. with the flick of my tongue... (if you let me) ;)\n\nWow
 
 just noticed that that is a lot more forward than I normally am... I'm going to shutup now. lol\n\nMwah Miss you cant wait to see you...\n\nPhillip (possibly a potential future bf??) :D haha
 
 I loved the pic. I'll talk to you later hun. Mwah
 
 Lol posted a pic.. Going to log off facebook
 
 oh wow. lol taking charge. Now that is sexy. ;)\n\n(sidenote) you really are amazing
 
 Haha you will know when you see me :)
 
 so when are you going to come up to work? (just wondering) :D we have an "appointment" HAHAHA
 
 Sat morning at heathrow so I will be on the shuttle...probably around 1ish
 
 I would love to be let into your bubble. \n\nand I am glad that you feel comfortable enough to tell me that you missed me.\n\nCan't wait to see you...When are you supposed to get in?
 
 I missed you too lol.. Don't normally admit that.. But my girls are definitely the most important.. They are my whole world.. But I guess I have to learn to let others in my bubble too ;)
 
 I know the girls miss you. \n\nI do too. (~blush~) lol\n\nCan't wait to see you hun.
 
 Lol no later tonight... Going to new york now.. Might not have internet later.. Excited to be headed home.. I miss my girls :) 
 
 not a problem.. YOu on a plane yet?
 
 Thanks :)
 
 :D ~mwah~
 
 Its 11:11am here and i am at work. lol\n\nCan't wait to see you. and see your office. ;) lol
 
 have I mentioned you are sexy?\n\nif not..... You're sexy. :D\n\n:) :) :) :)\n\nPhillip  aka "future bf" &lt;---hehehe
 
 You fall asleep on me baby?
 
 nevermind
 
 dont worry about it hun..\n\nHmm.. wish you were here. :(
 
 What do you mean?
 
 So. I do have a question. If you don't want to date
 
 how does "only us" hanging out sound? (at least in the form we are currently talking about)
 
 That sounds sooo nice right now
 
 I miss it too
 
 I wish you were here. I need to feel you for a night. to hold you upstairs and never want to let go. .. ... \n\n(please know that you can tell me anything)
 
 I miss the feeling of your arms around me.. I miss your warmth.. I miss your lips and mine.. It was nice.. It was really nice
 
 just a tiny bit? :( :( \n\n\n;)
 
 Maybe a tiny bit
 
 and me?? :D
 
 Lol shush there are a few people I miss for various reasons
 
 Wow
 
 that sounds sexy :D :D :D\n\nsoo. you miss me dont you? :P
 
 Lol you will know ;)
 
 soo.. are you going to give me an ok? (if so
 
 what would that entail?)  \n\n\nYou jumping on me? ;)
 
 Lol sounds good
 
 Oh really?? ;) sooo... I think that I am not going to try anything with you until you give me some sort of a sign that it is ok. \n\nHow does that sound? :P
 
 YeSsssssss
 
 I was trying to be nice... (was that description ok to say??) ;)
 
 Naughty and nice :)
 
 I would love to help you in every nice and naughty way imaginable. \n\nand I would love to be there cuddling up. (that night on the couch was the best sleep I had gotten in ages)
 
 Lol I must be super vulnerable right now because I really wish you were here snuggling with me.. I should get some sleep for my big day.. And we should definitely figure out how you can help me ;) lol :D
 
 if you want to  we can figure it out. If you want. .. ... \n\nBut don't worry
 
 I am not in love with you hun. It is possible that if we spend more time together that any feelings I do have will grow
 
 but that is to be determined... :D\n\nI love spending time with you
 
 and if for some reason we end up together
 
 I would rather  you leave me then spend 6.5 years miserable..\n\nPlease keep talking to me. lol I love to talk. And I would love to help you in whatever way I can
 
 as long as you let me. \n\neven if that involves figuring out how to date. ;)
 
 I don't really talk to anyone about this kind of stuff ever. I have always had a problem with relationships. When it comes to guys I think I want something and then when I get it I either freak out or get bored. I hate feeling like the guy likes me more than I like him.. Or maybe he is in love with me and I might like him. Before I got married my longest relationship was 4 months.. I was a senior in high school (17) and he was 15. Another 4 months with a guy who bought me a ring just before my 19th birthday (broke up with him cause I wasn't ready for marriage). The only time I ever really felt like I was in love was in high school to a guy who was my best friend.. We never dated but we spent a lot of time together and hooked up a couple of times.. He got some young stupid girl pregnant and married her. I got married less than a year later. I had convinced myself that I loved terry because we got along so well but when I said yes to him I already had a feeling I might be pregnant.. We went back to my hometown for my 21st bday to ask my dad (tell my dad) and I didn't want to drink... Then I knew. Found out 2 weeks later that I was pregnant and the pastor told us we needed to get married asap.. I had second thoughts.. We got married a month later (the day after I found out the baby's heart hadn't developed and I would miscarry). I could have called it off but I was afraid to disappoint my family. I spent the next 6 1/2 years miserable. I don't want to end up in the same rut.. I don't even know how to date properly... 
 
 WHy does it terrify you? I really would like to know everything you think about the possibility of "us" and how you feel at the moment...
 
 I like the thought of you holding me.. It also terrifies me. The states could be better. I have been doing a lot of family business. I have my court appointment early in the morning and then I have to take the dog to the vet in the afternoon. I will probably stop to see my grandma on the farm since it is near the vet office. 
 
 I like the thought of you holding me.. It also terrifies me. The states could be better. I have been doing a lot of family business. I have my court appointment early in the morning and then I have to take the dog to the vet in the afternoon. I will probably stop to see my grandma on the farm since it is near the vet office. 
 
 Please let me know. K? I dont want to be clingy
 
 but I would love to be there any and every oppotunity you want me. \n\nSoooo how's the states? ;)
 
 That might be ok
 
 Nothing is wrong with you. .. ... and as soon as you want to see me when you get back
 
 I want to be the one to hold you. (if that is ok)
 
 I'm kinda sad right now and I really want to be held... I never really want that.. I don't know what's wrong with me..
 
 You ok hun?\n\nI loved just laying with you
 
 and I hope you get along with my kids. \n\nI would love.... well.. nm.. :)
 
 Me too...
 
 I loved it.
 
 what about it? You can talk to me
 
 K?
 
 Oy that kiss
 
 you as a zombie would just be Hott!\n\nand what have you been trying not to think about??
 
 Zombies are pretty cool lol \n\nAnd I have been trying not to think too much... 
 
 that sounds like a good plan hun. I love hanging out with you and the idea of anything fun with you sounds amazing (from bowling to "fun") all of it. \n\nAnd I would never want you to be a heartless mindless zombie... \n\nCan't wait till saturday (or whenever after that that you want to hang out)
 
 I don't know why I'm not ready for that... But I'm not. I am ready for hanging out and having a little fun... Just the relationship stuff scares me a little. I've never really been very good at that stuff and the only way I made it through the last 6 years was by being someone else and ignoring my heart and mind. I don't want to be a mindless heartless zombie anymore. I also don't want to just float from guy to guy. I guess when its the right one I will know.. Somehow.
 
 I can hope. lol \n\nAt least I still get to spend time with you.. That is the important and refreshing part
 
 It really is
 
 Nobody is that lucky ;)
 
 and your BF. HAHAHA\n\njoking. .. ... not lucky enough to be the bf. :D
 
 Home is where my daughters are :p
 
 Home is where my daughters are :p
 
 thought you were "home" HAHA
 
 I have a friend at scott
 
 its an alright base right outside of st louis. I have been stationed at ft meade
 
 probably where I will go again.. Good base right between baltimore and dc. California is always nice :) \nI also have a friend at hurlbert
 
 he loves his job there and who doesn't love beaches?? Lol.. I can't wait to be home
 
 Scott AFB
 
 Illinois\nDavis Monthan
 
 Tucson Az\nNellis AFB
 
 Nevada\nGoodfellow
 
 (san angelo) TX *teaching*\nCorry station (pensacola) Florida *possibly teaching*\nFt Meade
 
 Maryland\nHURLBURT FIELD ABS Florida\nVANDENBERG California\n\n(what do you think? Have you been to any of them?)\n\nOh BTW
 
 I am working days this weekend (someone needed coverage)\n\nCan't wait to see you..\n\nPhillip
 
 I can promise that I will not try to come on strong. I would love to hang out
 
 curl up 
 
 and have fun (in as many ways as you want to). But.... if I do start to feel something more
 
 I will let you know. So we can either talk about it
 
 or figure out how to stop it. lol (whichever you want)\n\nSee you Saturday. \n\n~mwah~
 
 You can train them all you want. lol ;) (promise HAHA) \n\nSaundra was being weird and fussy
 
 she didnt like the house for some reason
 
 Hopefully she is better next time
 
 and the time after. \n\nAdam is Adam
 
 he takes some getting used to.
 
 Lol mom said they were whiny lol but I love most kids.. Gotta train them ;)
 
 Well
 
 we will have another playdate after you get back to see how you can handle my kiddos. lol\n\nany ideas?
 
 I like getting out and spending time outside or something fun with the kids.. They make me happy.. And having someone to share it with makes it that much better
 
 I am just looking for a way to make you feel good
 
\n\nI loved laying on the couch with you and the girls and I would love to do that as much as possible before you leave.
 
 Well I don't like having people do stuff for me.. I'm used to doing everything on my own. 
 
 You know it feels good to have someone take interest and want to make you feel good
 
 I know I dont need to. That is not what I asked now is it hun? \n\nMaybe I would like to. :P
 
 You don't need to do anything for me :p 
 
 fun fun
 
 sooo cakes
 
 pies
 
 cookies
 
 cupcakes
 
 give me something to work with here. lol \n\nI know your favorite cake and frosting but that is all I know. :P
 
 Hahahaha well I don't like presents... Don't really like jewelry... Love all sweets... Lol
 
 I already knew you didnt like flowers
 
 lol you told me. :P \n\nWhat type of candy
 
 sweets
 
 jewelry
 
 etc... do you like? \n\nYou'd have to be either a very good girl or a very "bad" girl to get presents. HAHAHA ;)
 
 I have to go back to work monday. I hate presents. Lol.. I know you asked mom about flowers... I'm not much of a flowers girl... Flowers die.. Not so useful lol... I like candy :).. My girls love flowers though
 
 like their grandma. 
 
 that sounds like fun. lol I work this weekend (mids).\nWhen do you get off of leave?\n\nBut yea hun
 
 just let me know when I can see you. Can't wait\n\nI loved holding you. If we by some chance turned into more I would love it
 
 but if we dont then we dont.\n\nSo... what is your favorite gift? lol (not gonna get it for you
 
 just wondering) HAHA
 
 Yeah I can't wait to be back at my own house. I will be back saturday morning so I am probably taking the shuttle back to base. I will let you know when you can come over. I have to take morgan to church sunday. :) 
 
 Wow sounds like fun
 
 Can't wait for you to get back. Maybe we can just curl up and I can hold you and make you feel wanted. \n\nWhen are you supposed to be coming back again?\n\n(after you get back
 
 I am going to wait for you to write me before I try and come over
 
 Make sure I am not overstepping my welcome. )
 
 I'd love to be out of this house and this city... My brother's baby's mama is a total bitch and her sister is lazy. I just want to get my mom's stuff and go.\n\n
 
 I helped your mum figure out the whole train thingy she wanted so me and her are good. and I would love to hang out
 
 \n\nand (this may sound bad) I would Looove to have some fun. :D  lol\n\nHow's the US treating you ?
 
 Leaving in a couple hours for the airport have to stop at work to sign an epr before I go
 
 I will try. Now I like hanging out with you. so its gonna be lonely and boring. ... lol\n\nMwah.. ... see you in a week dear.
 
 Lol ok hun. I will try to have a good time. Have a good week.
 
 Hey
 
 I'm not gonna write again until you get back or if you message me. (I feel like I am clingy HAHA) \n\nbut I hope you and the girls have a great time tonight
 
 and I hope your flight goes well tomorrow. \n\nI hope you come back single and (hopefully for me) wanting to be with me. ;) HAHAHA\n\nMwah Mwah Mwah
 
 ok. not a problem hun. Thank you for telling me. \n\nand I would love to spend as much time with you as you want to spend with me. \n\nI really would love to get to know you. \n\nI hope that your "vacation" goes well
 
 and maybe I can get a girlfriend when you get back. lol
 
 So I'm thinking maybe not tonight.. I am really tired and need to do a lot around the house before I leave.. I will be back in a week and free :) 
 
 Ohhhh lala..sexy\n\nwhen you figure out if I am coming by or not
 
 just let me know
 
 I'll try and leave you alone now so you can relax in your bath. :D\n\nMwah
 
 Nice relaxing hot bath yay... Lol
 
 No worries dear
 
 just let me know. If anything
 
 I can stop by
 
 give you a hug and a kiss
 
 and leave you to your girls night. \n\nI can't wait for you to come back. (single) lol (((hopefully in a week
 
 month
 
or 2 months
 
 you wont be single anymore))) ;) *I'd love to date you* HAHA. \n\nand we'll figure out when the kids can get together
 
 I will have to decide lol. It was really nice but a night with just the girls would be nice too. Especially since I won't see them for a week.
 
 I dont even mind if the girls sleep with us. (the couch was a nice feeling also)
 
 I can come over so you have someone to curl up to (this morning upstairs
 
 laying there was really nice). Or I can let you and the girls have a night. Its up to you.
 
 I'm going to leave tomorrow... I should definitely sleep and the girls too..
 
 I am glad you feel better. and I am "kinda" glad about the plane (i know that sounds bad) sorry. \n\nHey
 
 I know that I come on strong
 
 I apologize. Please let me know if I overstep my bounds. :D\n\nIf you want
 
 you can make your mom watch the kids tonight
 
 so that me and you can go upstairs and just go to sleep. (maybe some kissing) lol
 
 I feel a little better.. No news... 
 
 I hope your headache goes away and you feel better
 
 any news on a plane?
 
 soo are you at home? (if so
 
 I am getting ready to run and pick up food for TSIC
 
 and would love to swing by for a hug) lol
 
 soo
 
 how was the doctor?
 
 not cool. :(.... I kinda wanted to see you again today. :D
 
 Til next weekend
 
 Hmm.. Boooooo! (well
 
 it would make you officially single. so thats good) but Booooo!
 
 how long are you planning to be gone?
 
 Lol no idea hopefully getting ready to leave
 
 So what are you doing tonight?
 
 is that a yes? or a no? \n\n(hey
 
 if/when you decide
 
 I am willing/wanting to have a relationship)
 
 Lol
 
 oh really
 
??? well
 
 this pillow turn you on. :D HA!
 
 Well if you didn't notice I have plenty of perfectly good pillows
 
 oh
 
 I thought I stayed becuase I was a good pillow. :P
 
 Yeah pretty good lol... I let you stay right?
 
 oh so I'm a good kisser? :P
 
 That sounds good to me hun. Sooo (joking) does "play" time come later for the adults? ;) lol
 
 Oh and in case you didn't notice I enjoy kissing very much and it always helps to have a good partner lol
 
 I've been thinking about this a lot in general.. I am ready to try and be happy and have fun.. I'm not sure I'm ready to be in a relationship with anyone. I was hurt a lot for a long time and I sort of lost myself. I am slowly finding me again and I like it. I really enjoy your company just not ready for serious emotion right now and that's why I hold back. I have some kind of voodoo magic that I don't know how to control lol... But seriously I don't want to hurt anyone while I am still looking for myself. I'd love to keep hanging out and have the kids play together. :) if that is alright with you of course. 
 
 were you hoping I stayed? :P and  were you glad that I stayed?\n\nsooo... (funny fun fact) an E-4 + an E-5 in Offutt = 1510$$ per month BAH. HAHAHA
 
 Um well I figured you weren't waiting that long for a hug lol but I meant I expected to just go to bed with a headache and two kids :) 
 
 expected?? LMAO what were you expecting?
 
 Lol it was way better than I expected
 
 how was your night? :P
 
 Not at home just so you know
 
 You can come visit me. :D lol
 
 I think I am going to sneak out I am going to scream
 
 hopefully they are tired and go to bed. ;) (make your mummy sleep with them) haha
 
 No they aren't tired they are just whiny lol and they got donuts
 
 lol awesome. soooo Tired kids. lol (more private time ;) ) HAHAHA
 
 Lol the kids were whining their legs hurt all the way back but its nice outside
 
 hope so....
 
 walk...sounds like fun.. Hmm... you guys should stop by here. ;) lol jk
 
 Lol sorry I am about to take the girls for a walk to check the mail on base 
 
 Attempting to get a smile
 
 (even though you dont feel good. ) :)
 
 Soo sexy...... I wish you felt better.
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 at least you can look forward to a nice hug tonight. :D
 
 Total insanity lol... I feel really crappy.. And I have to go to the store and stuff
 
 like what hun? Maybe I can make you feel better tonight
 
 with some "amazing" conversation. becuase I am AMAZING!. (pardon the ego
 
 temporary insanity) HAHA
 
 in general not feeling well
 
 the kids are fine.. Mom is up making something to eat now.. I am trying to get up and about.. Lots to get taken care of
 
 Oh I'm sorry hun. Just in general don't feel good? or sick? \n\nHow have the kiddo's been?\n\nMaybe I can bring something by after work if you want.
 
 I don't feel well I've been laying down most of the day
 
 Promise.
 
 :P smile
 
 the day will only get better.
 
 so why did you cave and let riley sleep in your bed.? HAHA :P
 
 Wow love the horoscope. lol If I had the money I would help. so yea it sounds like me. I think I will be conservative and just try to come over and comfort you
 
 LEO- Be very careful not to get in over your head if you choose to help someone out. You may be tempted to rush in and save the day for someone you care about or want to impress. But you could be taking on more than you can comfortably handle. Try to be conservative with any promises you make. Tonight
 
 be sure to complete a project you started or to prepare for a special meeting or goal for tomorrow. Your day could be busy and you'll feel much better if you're ready for anything.\nCopyright (c) DailyHoroscope.\nDownload it now -- http://bit.ly/DHmobile
 
 Lol that won't help the fact that I'm stuck here with not enough money for a plane ticket
 
 I can help. if you want. Hugs and stuff.
 
 If I figure anything out I will let you know... I'm a bit preoccupied and stressed
 
 sound good? HA
 
 sooo I HATE PHONE RECALLS!!!. lol  and... unless I get told no
 
 I think I'll just show up tonight. lol
 
 nope not really. but Don't worry
 
 I don't bite. ;) (hard) HAHA jk
 
 Lol she isn't much of a guard dog lol
 
 ok
 
 guess I'll just show up again
 
 your mum will let me in. HAHAHA
 
 Oh lol missed that one lol... I don't know lol
 
 That didn't answer my question. HAHA :P
 
 I'm too exhausted for travelling anyway and now maybe something can get done around my house lol
 
 HAHA
 
 fun fun. sooo.. does that mean I can stop by for more amazing conversation tonight??
 
 Lol I started leave today because the plane was today but the plane decided not to land here... So now I am waiting
 
 Didn't get if you started leave today or if the plane was today... well anyways. I'm at work so I will be on this account all day. have fun!.
 
 Ohhh goodie
 
 I got an "lol" and and "ok" That means I'm good to go for it. HAHA
 
 Lol ok
 
 Okey dokey... I will save the hug and good night kiss for later then ;) lol
 
 Lol this bed is way too comfy
 
 ohhh... :(  darn. A hug sounded nice. lol ;)  \n\nand congrats on kids in bed... \n\n(you could throw on a robe and house slippers. LMAO)
 
 Lol yeah I never really wanted to be here. I do live in the same place but I am laying in bed already. The more I sleep the less I have to deal with. I love when the kids are in bed before 9. Lol
 
 I can stop by your house and give you a hug if you want... If you still live in the same spot.\n\n(I'd love a hug. lol)\n\n(i have wanted to leave this country since like Jan of 09)
 
 Thanks. She already thinks I am too strict and boring. I am trying to be an adult.. Somebody has to. I want to get out of this country as soon as I can.
 
 Hey hun. \n\nI think it was a good idea for her to help
 
 becuase you needed the help. \n\nI am sorry that you and mum are having issues. \n\nBut hey
 
 parents. lol You should ground her. lol\n\nIf you want to blow off steam
 
 I'm here. lol \n\n(i am trying to be here for venting purposes without sounding like I have an hidden agenda. I really dont.) (thought
 
... maybe
 
  agenda
 
 no)
 
 She acts like I'm still a child and wants to whine like a teenager to get her way. She can't listen to me for one minute to hear what I want out of my life but she expects me to do everything for her. I knew it was a bad idea to ask her to help me out.
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 I wish I could do something to make it better. If you want you could make TSIC some cookies
 
 and I could come out and give you a hug to cheer you up?? :D :D :D haha\n\nwhat did you guys have to fight about? You's amazing.... she ain't got Notin' on you :P
 
 Riley is grumpy today. Morgan is mouthy. And mom and I got in a fight after running in to the shirt at the bx. Yay.
 
 ~~ARGH~~ nothing is going on... "literally"..... they all went home.... I feel lonely...Anyways... how's the kiddos doing?
 
 At least I was joking. lol  (kinda) (mostly) \n\nI got propositioned for the bowling league when i went to go get lunch. HAHA  \n\nHows your day going dear? It has been raining so I feel bad for you
 
 Oy vey
 
 at least you get a little bit of both..  \n\nSooo... its all official for me to hit on you when you get back? ;)\n\n(joking)
 
 Its part vacation part business
 
 Sounds like fun
 
 business stuff or vacation?\n\nwe'll see how your work schedule and everything is when you get back and then I might ask if you want to go bowl
 
 whether its just you and me
 
 or you me and your kiddos.
 
 Sorry I didn't answer. I start my leave on thursday and I come back the next weekend. 
 
 yea
 
 it seems like it might be nice today...\n\nso
 
 you are going back to the states this upcoming weekend?\n\nHmm... (sorry
 
 just thinking about when
 
 (if you wanted) would be a good time to ask you to bowl....\n\n(I like bowling
 
 and hanging out with people)
 
 Hopefully we will get out of the house today
 
 Good morning
 
 its another wonderful day full of Tea
 
 cookies
 
 Dora and back yardigans.  Sounds like fun huh?? HAHA
 
 I'm leaving for the night
 
 if you want to talk or email
 
 send it to here or my other account. \n\nI do like talking to you. Its nice. \n\nI do kinda feel bad for being soo "forward"
 
 As I have said
 
 I am not as upfront or flirty in person
 
 so you dont have anything to worry about. The internet just makes it really easy to say stuff.\n\nI am not saying that this stuff isn't true
 
 but its harder to do/say in person. \n\nSo dont worry hun. I'm harmless. :D\n\nTell Mummy I said Hi!.
 
 Sounds fair. Its not like I am planning to try and seduce you or anything stupid like that. Kissing would be great but I dont plan on trying to jump you so you dont have to worry there. \n\nand Bowling would be awesome
 
 I miss bowling
 
 Haha yeah the girls didn't even want to watch stewart little.. And they like the curious george books more than movies... But nothing is more annoying than dora! \n\nYes I got your last msg. I don't know. It is obvious you like me and I'm not sure. Hanging out could be cool but I don't plan past that.
 
 fun fun. did you get my last message about me knowing your mum lives there and not trying any "funny" business?\n\nand what particular about the scenario wasn't good? (just wondering....not pushing) (trying to find my boundaries. lol)\n\n(i like backyardigans. lol) *Curious George and Stewert Little get old though*
 
 Lol had dinner couple hours ago now I am trying to get them to bed
 
 they are watching backyardigans on the top bunk
 
 HOpefully the kids go to bed without too much trouble for you so you can get a mommy break.
 
 I do know that your mom lives with you
 
 that is one of the many reasons I would not try any "funny" business.\n\nand what particular about the scenario? (just wondering....not pushing)\n\nbut a kiss sounds very good from my end. lol\n\n(don't worry you wont notice any difference in me at work if i run into you. that is definately something you don't have to worry about. )
 
 You know my mom lives with me lol... And I am not sure that scenario would be a good idea... 
 
 what part is not a good idea? (you telling me your favorite drinks?) or (the hanging out part?)\n\nand at least I get the "lol" in your response...
 
 Oh boy lol maybe not a good idea 
 
 Do you like Patron?? Shots sounds like be quickest way to be able to kiss you and not get punched
 
 so that sounds like a plan..\n\nThank you for the drinks
 
 now I know what to get... \n\nIf anything
 
 one of these nights
 
 we could go bowling
 
 and go back to your place for a drink or two and a movie... (no "funny" business
 
 so don't worry
 
 .....unless you start.) \n\nI will probably try to kiss you after I have had a few.
 
 I dunno I like crown and diet coke
 
 disarono and sprite
 
 vodka and anything.. Shots lol..
 
 SOoooo..... whats your favorite drink...?
 
 Well
 
 I have my plan then. (and it almost makes me sound like a creep) but at least I am not trying to jump ontop of you ...
 
 Lol I'm not going to lie after a few drinks kissing sounds very appealing most all the time... Its the best part of growing up lol
 
 hmm... that makes me want to think about it more. :D  \n\nDon't worry
 
 it wont be the first time we hang out
 
 I am not that "fresh"..... I think....  ;)  ... lol\n\n\nAlthough the kissing part sounds VERY appealing. just incase you were wondering.
 
 Like I said I don't make plans lol and anything is possible I guess.. At least that's what my grandpa used to tell me
 
 How does that sound? Sound like a possible plan? ;) Hahaha
 
 I dont know.. ;)  what is the probability of getting punched vs you enjoying it??? lol.. And I didnt plan on it at the bowling alley.  Maybe outside your house
 
 or in a car
 
 or at the club
 
 or at your house
 
 I don't know still thinking about that . ;)
 
 Is your plan to get punched? Lol and this plan doesn't seem to be able to happen at a bowling alley.. 
 
 What?? :)  That sounds like a good plan.... don't you think?\n\nand I would probably do that too..
 
 Oh boy lol silly
 
 hmm.... I'll keep that in mind
 
 :D\n\n\n(and have another 2-3 shots before I try to kiss you... LMAO)\n\nIt might be worth a punch
 
 you never know. HAHAHA
 
 I'm not much of a slapper.. I might punch you though lol
 
 One thing I just thought about... :D\n\n\nIts a good thing for me that I am not a light-weight when it comes to drinking and it would take me getting really drunk before I would try to make a move on you..(nerves)..That saves me from the possibility of getting slapped. :D\n\n\n(would you slap me?) :P
 
 Understood
 
 I hope that wasn't pushing to far...\n\nMarissa and I have been having issues since we got married
 
 She isnt' exactly "faithful"\n\nand ... she wants to be single and 20.... so. That is what she is getting..\n\nI don't regret it. I got two amazing children
 
 and I am getting full custody without a fight
 
 so that is a really good thing. \n\n---------------------\n\nHmmm.... BTW I really love that picture . HAHAHA... (i know i said it before
 
 but i do. HEHE)
 
 We had been having problems for a long time.. We were always and still are really good friends.. But there was nothing else for us and it wore on us.. Got to a point where we just didn't want to be around each other anymore..
 
 oh and BTW
 
 pregnant is sexy
 
 just so you know. :D
 
 Same here. (well not that fat and pregnant part. lol)\n\nAnd even though I love kids and want more
 
 I dont want more until whoever I am with wants more (if at all) \n\nI have a personal question that I am curious about
 
 that you don't have to answer
 
 and I wont ask again. What happened? *u and terry*  From everything I have seen about you
 
 in person and hearing professionally
 
 you are amazing.. I just dont understand....\n\n(please know that you don't have to answer that)
 
 Hahaha I am definitely not ready to be fat and pregnant again lol I love kids.. I have been taking care of everyone else's since I was a kid
 
 Well
 
 I'm here
 
 and available
 
 and he is in the states..... :P\n\nso lets go :D :D\n\n(still joking) well.... lets just not get into that.......\n\n(**I love kids and would love 2-3 more**)
 
 Haha yeah funny lol.. My friend back home said the same thing
 
 hmmm... I have an interesting joke\n\n\nI have a boy. ;) and I have a girl... \n\nsoooo............ I have a 50% chance to give you a boy... LMFAO\n\ntold you it was a joke. :D
 
 Lol I have thought about eventually trying for a boy but I am good with the two I have for a while
 
 eh... sure.. you're just saying that. .. ... lol\n\nsoo
 
 odd question.. you have two little girls
 
 do you want anymore kids down the road?
 
 Lol well there are plenty of women like me then.. The world is full of us
 
 That last part makes me think I have a chance. HAHA ;) \n\nand by someone like you
 
 I meant that you are attractice
 
 intelligent
 
 have a good job
 
 love kids
 
 has a plan
 
 independant
 
 etc... stuff like that.\n\nDoes that make anymore sense?
 
 Lol honestly I think you are nice and you seemed fun to hang out with.. I don't know what you mean by someone like me.. You aren't really my type of guy but there are plenty of girls out there.. Lol and girls never end up with the type they think they are looking for
 
 You know what hun? I am glad that I am hitting on you. (aside from you being intelligent and attractive
 
 you have no problem with me and seem to be very hard to offend
 
 I like that. lol)\n\nAnyways
 
 onto the question..\n\nAny idea as to whether or not you think that I would have a chance with someone like you?\n\nwe both know that I like you
 
 (sounds childish
 
 I know) but I am to the point that I am unsure of how exactly to hit on you. .. ... Like I said
 
 until you do something back (if you decide to) I will continue to try and "hide" me hitting on you and just hang out. we both love bowling
 
 and if you want we can go for a run or something (that would probably do me more good than you HAHA *I suck at running*) \n\nWe both know that I like you
 
 I just dont exactly know how to express it. That is probably why I ask so many questions
 
 and keep apologizing.\n\nWho would have thought being married would screw up the dating process so much? :D
 
 You have been asking a lot of questions I haven't said shut up yet..
 
 I have a question
 
 and if I ask it I dont want you to read too far into it.  I am going through that whole not worthy stage becuase of Marissa leaving..as well as try and figure out how to hti on someone "slowly" lol.. So if its ok
 
 I would like to ask you a question.
 
 I meant that I didn't want to come off as crude or vulgar
 
 .. at least attempting to..  You will notice that the more I like someone
 
 the less vulgar I attempt to be. \n\nIt is also one of the reasons that I tend to stay away from you while working
 
 to avoid any inappropriate (well
 
 I dont know what
 
 I was just avoiding what could happen. lol)
 
 I get the point lol 
 
 I am attempting to censor myself. :D lol
 
 sounds like a good time. (and I have sooo many "adult" related comments with toys in a bed. but I'll save those for a different time
 
 after a couple of drinks.)\n\nBut... I know I have said this too a bunch
 
 but you are very attractive hun....
 
 Mommy doesn't get nap time I lay down and the kids jump on me and talk to me and bring all their toys in my bed.. Lol..
 
 Nap time for mommy. HAHA\n\nsoo
 
 when we go bowling
 
 wanna play bowling poker as well? it might lighten the mood so it doesnt seem like I am just hitting on you. HAHA
 
 The girls just finished their tea and cookies... I'm exhausted lol
 
 you have your tea session yet? you should take pictures. \n\n(even though I know that I am coming on strong
 
 I am not trying to make you uncomfortable. promise) just making sure you know that. \n\nProbably the main reason I thought of bowling as a good way to hang out...
 
 Don't worry
 
 I wont try to jump on you or anything like that........ yet. ;)
 
 Ok
 
 I will
 
 Until then
 
 I would still like it if we could go bowling or something like that. .. ... Movie and a drink
 
 just hang out. That stuff.
 
 Lol I don't know.. Give me some time.. :p kinda like not having to worry about anyone but me and my girls lol
 
 and.... the kids would have someone to play with. lol :D (thats a low blow
 
 I know hehehehe)
 
 (hmm ok
 
 well
 
 you should think of a time to bring us some food) HAHAHA\n\nIs it a bad thing that I want to date you? (or take you out to hang out
 
 go bowling
 
 have a drink
 
 etc..)  Cuz I think it is a very good idea ;)
 
 Lol on holidays I brought in food.. New years breakfast.. Etc... I like bringing stuff in for everyone though
 
 Is it a bad thing that I want to date you? (or take you out to hang out
 
 go bowling
 
 have a drink
 
 etc..)\n\nSo
 
 I have a TSIC related question (are our baked goods limited to cookies/cakes or can we branch out to food food??) :D
 
 ok 
 
 soo
 
 find something for everyone to do.  any ideas?
 
 I don't really go out a lot because I always miss my kids. They are like my only reason for being. Making them happy makes me happy. If only I had their energy!
 
 hmm... favorite movie..  \n\n(sorry
 
 I am trying to find something to ask you to do... Is it obvious?? ) \n\nHAHAHA
 
 Ok so I would say I like carnivals or amusement parks somewhere where everyone can have fun.. Favorite movie is difficult I have a few.. Secret garden
 
 now and then
 
 shawshank redemption
 
 anything adam sandler.. Lol
 
 Ok
 
 one or two more questions. \n\n(please remember you can tell me to shut up. lol)\n\nFavorite movie?
 
 Good
 
 That means I got a smile. ;) \n\nOk more serious question..... Favorite thing in the world to do (like on a date
 
 or hanging out
 
 etc..)  "i should probably reverse the order of those two activities huh?" :D
 
 You are funny
 
 I like Lions or tigers
 
 \n\nFood is probably country cooking (breaded porkchop
 
 mashed potatoes
 
 etc..)\nNo clue on flowers. lol\nWith my job
 
 I am both night and day
 
 \nI am planning on getting into the AECP at my next base
 
 so I can get comissioned
 
and retire at like 28 years. :D\n\nI am probably aiming for Offutt since it is close to the college I want to go to if I get into the AECP. \n\n(ok
 
 I have a joke
 
 ......... Mil-to-mil money is AMAZING) HAHAHA
 
 Lol lots of questions... I am torn between lion and giraffe.. My favorite food is probably pierogies.. I am not a big fan of flowers but I like them when they are in the ground.. I love the sun but I'm more of a night person... I plan on staying enlisted and retiring for my kids.. I don't have a lot of options for places to go so probably maryland... I'd love to go to california again.. 
 
 Favorite animal if you had to pick one?\nFavorite food?\nFavorite flower?\nDay or night?\nDo you plan on staying enlisted or getting out?\nAnywhere particular you are trying to go after here?
 
 Lol morgan's favorite color is pink and riley's is green.. We love sports.. All of them! We love love love animals! Our favorite place in england is the woburn safari park.
 
 I like blue
 
 pink
 
 and black.\n\nI asked becuase I am bored
 
 and when I am bored
 
 I like to ask questions
 
 LOL\n\nso.... 20 questions? haha \n\nit would be nice to know more about you then just girls
 
 bowling
 
 and work.
 
 Hahaha real tea and cookies :) work is boring already? Lol my favorite color is blue... Not sure why you asked that
 
 Awesome. Real tea
 
 or pretend?\n\nSooo
 
 I'm bored
 
 there is nothing going on at work. lol\n\nFavorite color?
 
 The girls and I are going to have a tea party later.. Other than that.. Lol
 
 Sounds like a very good day.. I really wish I could have hung out with you last night
 
 It would have been nice to have someone to talk to.\n\nAnd pick on you a little. lol \n\nBut we'll figure it out. lol\n\nAny special plans today? Other than Lazy Saturday?
 
 Lol yeah morgan is a sleeper. Riley got up and I made her breakfast and now she is chillin watching dora and I'm laying with morgan. lazy saturday.
 
 how has your Saturday been so far? Hopefully the little ones let you sleep in at least a little.
 
 Thats not an answer.. :P  I am trying to keep a clean mind and not say anything bad. But you are making it very very hard. lol\n\nAnd.....as I said you are very very attractive.
 
 Lol 
 
 What did I do? :D \n\nSooo
 
 you don't want to try and teach me Hebrew? What did you have planned then? :P
 
 Don't make me beat you up!
 
 I am sorry that it went badly
 
 means I have a chance (haha jk)\n\nand I am Very glad that I got a smile.   ;)\n\nAnd I would love to hang out with you
 
 and anything that happens
 
 or not. (aka I beat you at bowling
 
 we get drunk
 
 and you try and teach me Hebrew)   haha\n\n\n...\n\n... \n\nYou totally thought I was going somewhere else with that
 
 didn't you :D
 
 Haha I know that. I just tried to have my first boyfriend since I was separated last year and it went very badly. I like hanging out with people. Oh and yeah a very tiny smile.
 
 I didnt say I was trying to marry you. but hanging out
 
 together
 
 occasionally sounds like a very appealing Idea to me. :D  and like I said
 
 definately not trying to cross any lines. \n\nSo did I get a smile out of you at least? \n\n(I love that picture BTW. HAHA
 
 the only of you on the bed)
 
 You definitely failed lol but thank you. I still think you might be crazy. And no matter if I'm a catch or not I have realized I am no where near being ready to be caught. Lol. Thank you for the many compliments. I am working on being more accepting of them. :) 
 
 HERE"S YOUR FEEL GOOD MESSAGE (with pieces from just me :D )\n\n\nThere are numerous reasons why you would be an amazing catch for anyone.\n\nYou have a steady job and are self-sufficient. \nYou are (VERY) attractive. I hadn't seen you in awhile
 
 and you have changed a lot
 
 in a very very good way.. and getting ready to be single is just a bonus. ;) \n\nyou have children (plus for me at least. lol)\n\nyou like to bowl (another plus for me lol)\n\nand you are in the Intel career field (another bonus. HAHA)\n\nWell
 
 I started this as a feelgood letter but I think it turned into things that I like about you. lol\n\nI am trying not to hit on you too much. lol  I can see that I am failing though. :D\n\nwell
 
 hopefully this message makes you smile. \n\nPhillip
 
 There are numerous reasons why you would be an amazing catch for anyone.\n\nYou have a steady job and are self-sufficient. \nYou are (VERY) attractive. I hadn't seen you in awhile
 
 and you have changed a lot
 
 in a very very good way.. and getting ready to be single is just a bonus. ;) \n\nyou have children (plus for me at least. lol)\n\nyou like to bowl (another plus for me lol)\n\nand you are in the Intel career field (another bonus. HAHA)\n\nWell
 
 I started this as a feelgood letter but I think it turned into things that I like about you. lol\n\nI am trying not to hit on you too much. lol  I can see that I am failing though. :D\n\nwell
 
 hopefully this message makes you smile. \n\nPhillip
 
 understood
 
 \n\nI can say that I will probably try to hit on you off duty. (you are very attractive
 
 and have become moreso in the past year or so)\n\nBut i can guarantee that I wont hit on you or insinuate anything on duty
 
 or on shift if you get put on the shift I am on. (if something does
 
 or does not happen) &lt;-- not implying anything
 
 just specifying.\n\nHave fun with the kiddo's
 
 I am used to being around guys all the time so most of the time I don't even pick up on the fact that someone is hitting on me. Lol if you offend me believe me I will put you in your place. Just as long as you keep everything professional at work you will be fine. I shouldn't have to smack you any time soon.
 
 Sounds like fun. Oh
 
 BTW
 
 you can totally slap me if i hit on you too much in person. ;) \n\n(not saying I will
 
 just making sure you know) \n\nHAHA\n\nPhillip
 
 Just to make sure that I clarify
 
 and don't come on toooo strong
 
 or like a dick. I apologize if i offend you or go to far. Just please let me know if I start to push buttons. \n\nI tend to pick friends and people that I know have a sense of humor and also know that I am harmless :D to come on strong to.. \n\nthat being said
 
 that doesnt diminish anything I said. \n\nSo.. If I do offend you please let me know.\n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. Also
 
 if i make you blush or smile
 
 also let me know ;)
 
 been dealing with a lot
 
 and missing having friends. 
 
 hey sexy
 
 Waiting on my sexy yummy pictures from you of course. ;) lol
 
 What have you been up to
 
 besides no good? ;)
 
 Very good
 
 havin a late nite
 
 after 3 days of little one" haha
 
 not sleeping through the nite
 
 we're good
 
 how are you and the little one?
 
 how are you and family doing? 
 
 hey girly
 
 hey :)
 
 hey babe
 
 Happy Birthday sexy woman
 
 WHeres my picture of you? ;)
 
 hey girly... dont you owe me some pics. :P  lol
 
 I'm glad you have someone now :)
 
 proud dad
 
 yep
 
 bf still around?
 
 good
 
 hows the baby and you doin?
 
 yes
 
 hi. Its been a little bit since we chatted
 
 hello?
 
 hows everything going? its been awhile
 
 hey hun
 
 hey gorgeous
 
 hey hun
 
 :P
 
 hey girly
 
 hey sexy woman
 
 hey girly
 
 where are my pictures. ;) 
 
 hey hun
 
 been awhile. hows life
 
 love
 
 and the cutie baby
 
 Hows everything going for you hun?
 
 hey deary
 
 you and the kiddo have a wonderful Halloween?
 
 Hey hun
 
 been awhile. Hows everything going with you?
 
 Hows the kiddo doin?
 
 Hey
 
 hows the kiddo doin?
 
 what do you mean?\n(this is my work account
 
 so that is why there are no pictures)\n\nHOw is your day?
 
 looky
 
 you're smiling at me. :) \nI knew I was amazing...
 
 looky
 
 you're smiling at me. :) \nI knew I was amazing...
 
 I'd be up for seeing you HAHA
 
 Ok
 
 I'm sorry
 
 damn... I hope you feel better soon... talk to you later dear.
 
 im clean ok. i dont wanna talk!
 
 Do you know whats going on?\noh... and did you get your test results back&gt;?
 
 You are still just as sexy as you were yesterday :)
 
 How was work?
 
 Your day going good?
 
 hey sorry i didnt chat. not really been too talkative x
 
 How's your day been?
 
 ok. lol figured I would ask. haha\n\nMaybe I was kinda hoping it was me
 
 hahahahaha\n\nbut we haven't even met yet. ;)  I am hoping I have that effect on you though :D lol
 
 song lyrics- mclean
 
 my name xx
 
 are those song lyrics
 
 or how you're feeling? (I can never tell with status updates anymore)
 
 I know hun. so
 
 if we do something we can use a condom. (I'll bring 1 or 2 with me just in case)\nbecuase I still want you :) (if you like me) \n\nI can't wait for coffee.. hmm... Thursday
 
 i know u do but i dont wana giv u suntin x
 
 ok
 
 its up to you
 
 ...\nif we do stuff on Thursday. its up to you if we use a condom or not.. \n\nI really want more kids. :) lol
 
 get my results nxt week. x
 
 Do you know how long until you get your test results back after your appointment?
 
 I would have though.. lol.. Then.. we get to meet
 
 and you have some support for your appointment
 
 its ok. xxx
 
 ohh... I wish I wasn't working now
 
 or I would have come up to go with you..
 
 just me x
 
 oh.. okey dokey
 
 no worries. \nso is the hubby going to the appt with you?\nor is it just you?
 
 no i dont know till weds. remember i hav work x
 
 sounds like a plan. lol\nAnd I hope you are ok as well dear.\n\nfigured out a time on Thursday yet? (so I know when to leave to get to Tesco's on time)
 
 hmmm. i hope im ok. one step at a time x
 
 Not nessacarily...  the advances in medicine have gone a long way.. it is still possible
 
 but I have seen some children that the mother was HIV positive and the child was clean. (the mom took steroid shots through the whole pregnancy)\n\nSoo... you still up for getting divorced and running away with me? ;)\n(if you like me
 
 and I'm good in bed ;) )
 
 but if its serious
 
 our children would hav it! x
 
 yes you can.. even if something comes back positive
 
 you can still have kids
 
 no matter what it is.. it would just involve steroid shots..\n\nbut.. on a side note... YOu are drop dead gorgeous
 
 and seem to want the same things as me. and I would love a wife to spoil
 
 and plan vacations with
 
 and being single
 
 and a single parent kinda sucks. lol
 
 lol y? u cant hav children then x
 
 I hope it all goes well. but please remember
 
 even if it doesnt'
 
 if we get on well
 
 I still want to steal you away to the states :)
 
 morning. on the way now. x
 
 How's everything going?  Let me know when you get back from the doctor..\n\nMwah
 
 well I guess that is ok. :P (you going home and changing
 
) \nI'll be waiting fo ryou to come see me. :D
 
 i do
 
 ill hav tequila on me x
 
 lol I don't care what you wear hun
 
 you will still look amazing. :D
 
 im going home first. wil want to change. we r meant to b having an intro meet lol. i need to tidy before i meet ya
 
 xx
 
 work is busy
 
 boring
 
 and hectic. lol  What have you been up to?\ncan't wait till tomorrow morning. :) so are you walking to Tesco's after you get off of work? :)   I'm heading there as soon as I can and will probably get there before you. :) sorry
 
 I want to see you :D
 
 hows work x
 
 sorry been asleep  xxx
 
 when you wake up hun
 
 message me on here and my other account.\nThat way I know that you will be there in the morning :)  \n\nHmm tomorrow is going to be fun.  yummy yummy
 
 can't wait to do everything to you. ;)
 
 ok
 
 well when you get home
 
 go ahead and walk up there
 
 and I will just head there as soon as I can. I drive a silver Audi A-6
 
 and I'll be in a Leather Jacket. (and I'm american) so I shouldn't be that hard to find. lol\n\nhow does that sound?
 
 well  i wont get home till 6. yeah thats the right one xxx
 
 hmm just wait till tomorrow
 
 you're mine
 
 and I'm yours. hmm. :)  how early is too early to meet? I am picking my Nanny up at like5:30am and taking her to my house
 
 then I can leave after that. \n\nSo I can probably leave by like 6:15am is you want\n\nsoo
 
 this Tesco? \nCambridge Newmarket Road
 
 Cheddars Lane
 
 Cambridge
 
 Cambridgeshire
 
 CB5 8HE
 
 United Kingdom
 
 hehe would b nice. none  of  those
 
 its in a retail park. or u can meet me newmarket road tesco and we walk to it or drive somewhere else xxxx
 
 ohhhh :'(  lol ok... \n\nSo Starbucks in Cambridge? which one?  \n-13 Market St
 
 Cambridge \n-25 St Andrews St
 
 Cambridge\n-25 Fitzroy St
 
 Cambridge \n ^which one sounds right?\n\nI wish I was there now
 
 I'd curl up with you hun
 
 you'd go right to sleep. :)
 
 haha. i need to sleep xxxxx
 
 goodie. you are going to have more of me in you then you have ever had in you before. :D\n\nand... who needs a film
 
 just talk to me. LMAO
 
 soounds good. hmm
 
 duno wot film to watch. x
 
 soo what do you think about the sex till you cum
 
 soft sex will it gets really raw
 
 then you giving me head or a handjob until I get close to cumming again
 
 and  I go in you just to cum?\nDoes that sound ok to you hun?
 
 haha true i will xxx
 
 well at least you have me to talk about
 
 and by the time you do go to sleep you will have amazing dreams of me
 
 and babies. :)
 
 pretty much. my husband rarely wants me n hes not got me pregnant properly..had a fiopic pregnancy
 
 the egg didnt attach and my body and mind told me i was preg
 
 tests said so too but nada. i was crushed for months which doesnt help baby making. aghh fucking sun! i need sleep and its shining thru the curtain cracks :-( x
 
 sooo I'm the only sex for the next week? (it would make me feel better
 
 a much higher chance of the baby being mine) please..\n\nand we and fuck till you overflow hun
 
 and if you get too sensitive
 
 you can always give me head
 
 or a hand job until I'm close
 
 and then put it in only to cum. :) anything to get you pregnant.
 
 im looking forward to my pussy being overflowing with cum. really need cum in me when im ovulating. best chance of succeeding first time. x
 
 I'll only tease you a little bit then
 
 lol\n\nI want to taste you
 
 feel you
 
 hold you
 
 kiss you
 
 then i'll take you..\n\nhm.. :D  hehehe\n\nand if you do cum to quick
 
 we can wait a couple minutes till you wind down and go again (softer
 
 with only the purpose of getting you pregnant)
 
 evil! i wont b able to take the fucking if u get me too worked up. lol. ill cum to quick x
 
 that sounds like a good deal hun
 
 I'll get you pregnant
 
 and we never cheat on each other
 
 ever. :D\n\nand floor
 
 bed
 
 couch
 
 wall
 
 etc.. sounds amazing. lol Hmm... yummy. I am sooo teasing you first though ;)
 
 i know. u get me pregnant
 
 i wont look at another man. right now i want a baby
 
 i want my belly to grow
 
 watch the baby grow
 
 feel the kicks n get the cravings and being able to hold my baby that iv tried for so long for. \n erm
 
 floor
 
 bed
 
 couch
 
 wall. im not bothered but towel or throw put down so ur scent and dribbles aint everywhere x
 
 ok we will be careful. (but be wild enough to get you pregnant ;)  )\n\nI know I have said it
 
 but just know that once we get married
 
 no sex with other men. \n\n(sorry
 
 just making sure that everything is said upfront)\n\nhmm... I can't wait till tomorrow. sooo the bed? or the couch? (some people are iffy about their beds
 
 so I was just checking)
 
 haha. no
 
 id fucking know bout it! lol. hes gonna b gone from 5am till 3-5pm
 
 depending how busy work is. u would hav to go by two n id have to ring or txt him in the morn to make sure he aint coming home for lunch. im allowed sex with other men but not in our home so i have to b careful. x
 
 well
 
 I hope I can make you feel safe hun. \n\nhmm.... is it tomorrow yet?\n\nMwah\n\nSoo is your husband is going to be gone all day? and there is no chance of him coming home while I'm there?
 
 yeah poor me. iv gota walk there lol. it b the one on newmarket road on the retail park. yes working tonight
 
 tomorrow
 
 sat. i love snuggling up to a mans chest with a strong arm gently holding me
 
 its amazing how safe it can make me feel. x
 
 that sounds amazing
 
 I love curling up with someone and just forgetting everything
 
 and its been awhile since I had anyone to do that with. \n\nsoo you are working tonight. then we are going to Starbucks around 7am? WHich starbucks is it?
 
 its such a gorgeous name. yeah
 
 snuggle my head into ur chest. xx i should really sleep. long night tonight
 
 10:15-5:30am. hard coz sleeping during the day aint easy with the noises outside. i  found the jets on base soothing. x
 
 Pheonix is my son's middle name. \n\nand we can try every position
 
 a lot
 
 and just see how fast we can get you pregnant. :D  sounds like fun.... and afterwards we can just curl up and take a nap if you want
 
 before I leave to come back to base.
 
 haha ok. xxxxxx
 
 Pheonix! i love that name! x
 
 Ohh.... well you could kick him out of the house sunday haha.. I will try to make sure I can get up Wed and THursday then... get 'in' you as much as possible. lol
 
 I dont like Patrick. lol so dont worry. haha\n\nMiddle names so far in my family are like Phillip
 
 Page
 
 Payne
 
 Parke
 
 Pheonix.
 
 my hubby here sunday. xxx
 
 I might be able to come see you Sunday
 
 and then maybe Wed or THursday. how does that sound? ;)
 
 not patrick
 
 toooooo irish x
 
 sounds good. 21st is when i ovulate. monday btw. ok
 
 ill watch some disney films n get inspired for those initials. x
 
 well.. I am off Wed
 
 and THurs next week if you want to get together again (if you like me friday. :D )\n\nand with boys
 
 since those names aren't set. my family does initials.. all the boys in my family have the initials APJ   (didn't know if that would be ok)
 
 i  know! but the boys names aint set unlike roxy. i just hope my roxy will b like me in everyway x hmm true
 
 but im more fertile next week! x
 
 I meant 7 kids including mine. lol\nRoxy
 
 lily elise
 
christina
 
 oscar
 
 sebastian
 
 + my two kids = 7 :D\n\nhmm...... I wonder if I can cum in you over 20 times? (we shall see. lol)  that should get you pregnant. haha ;)\n\nMwah
 
 yeah i know! erm no..Lily Elise - first n middle name. im into disney and blonde famous ppl so i combine and Lily Elise is my favourite cuddly buni and my secretly fav car. x
 
 well
 
 I don't how many men you have slept with
 
 as long as after we get together
 
 its only me you sleep with
 
 ever. (including when I deploy
 
 you don't cheat on me while I'm away)\n\nsoo... if we use all your names. then we will have 7 kids ;) haha
 
 girl! want my lil roxy! and either christina or lily elise. boys.. meh
 
 oscar
 
 sebastian? iv slept with ALOT of men
 
 i dont have maby good boy names x xx
 
 I'll kiss it and make it all better hun ;)\n\nand we will probably move every like 4 years... until I retire from the military...\n\nsooo. do you want a boy or a girl first? (if you could pick)
 
 ahhh. would we b moving round the world a lot? haha.  my pussy is a lil sore- i slit her whilst shavibg. my razor slipped...painful! so b gentle. cant get twins out of me. xxx
 
 I will live on base in Arizona
 
 so my house will be free. lol\n\nsoo.. I guess I'm just amazing.. sooo lets get you pregnant on Friday. (twins? ;) ) haha
 
 tin can= trailer. its not a home when ppl call me a pikey...im not
 
 i cant afford much. its cosy but winter takes its toll. yeah how to afford that with kids. lol x
 
 Don't make fun of your place. lol \na house is a house hun
 
 I grew up in a Trailer in the states. and just think.. you marry me and run away with me
 
 and you will be in probably a 4 bedroom house in the states :)
 
 yeah. my place  is a tin can. x
 
 ok
 
 that sounds fair. I'll save my big
 
 intimate kiss for when we get back to yours. :)\nhow does that sound?
 
 i dont drink coffee. gonna hav a hot chocolate. yes a hug. kiss on the cheek. hav to get to know ur personality...im odd x
 
 Soo.... what is your favorite coffee?  \n\nand... am I only allowed to give you a hug when I meet you? what about a hug and a kiss? :)
 
 have to see hun! lol. xx hope u have fun xxx
 
 morning hun xx
 
 goodie. so now I know that if/when I ask
 
 you'll say yes. ;) lol  \n\nHey ... message me on my other account I'm home now. :D
 
 yeah i do all that. hmm only if u get on one knee lol x
 
 hmm... soo. oral
 
 anal
 
 all that fun stuff.? lol\n\nsoo... you're gonna marry me? :)
 
 ill do anything. ahh
 
 ok xx lol. xxxx
 
 is there anything Sex related that you do not   do/like?\n\nand if you can agree to those
 
 I guess you will be Mrs. Johnson ;)
 
 sorry fell asleep. i can agree to those. xx
 
 You still there?
 
 I like to go down on women. :) I just like it. \n\nand... if you are going to have my babies
 
 never cheat on me
 
 and love me
 
 I will fall head over heals for you lol \n\nThink you can agree to those?\n\nIs there anything sex related that you do not do/like?
 
 no fav forplay. u? hope u wud fall in love with me if im gonna hav ur babies! x
 
 if we want more when they get older
 
 we can try. if we get pregnant without planning that is fine. and dear.. I'm only 21 lol\n\nhmm... favorite foreplay?
 
 ok then. hmm im 20
 
 when they start to grow up
 
 we can possibly try for more? x or...if i get pregnant without planning
 
 then thats ok? i cant get rid of a baby or anything. i lost mine at 15
 
 abortion can never happen. x x
 
 if you try to leave me down the road
 
 or cheat on me or something like that
 
 I might push for a paternity test
 
 but... if we are together and happy
 
 then our baby
 
 no questions..\n\nand I would like 2-3 more kids. :D
 
 ok then so our baby
 
 no questions. wouldnt u want to know for sure? xxx so how many children should we stop at coz i dont want to go on the pill. x
 
 if you get pregnant (I would love a wife as soon as possible lol)\nand I am not sure how long you have to be divorced for (if there is a limit)\nand... if you get pregnant
 
 and you want to be with me
 
 how would we know if it was his...? lol ;)
 
 so if i get pregnant
 
 u want me to marry u this year? dont u hav to b divorced for a certain amount of time before re- marrying? and what if i get pregnant but its my husbands. u wont look after another mans baby. x
 
 if you do get pregnant
 
 that gives us 8-9 months to get you to the states
 
 married
 
 and settled in with me ;)  but you would have to get your divorce here first
 

 
 lol. i was thinking all but u on top apparently is the best to get preg. but i think its gona hav to b all positions. yeah
 
 bout 7-8. plenty of baby making. if u get me pregnant
 
 by the time its born
 
 ur gonna b settled in the states
 
 in gonna b here
 
 on my own
 
 how is that gonna work? xx
 
 any and all positions. lol you pick. I know (from personal experience) that doggy allows for deeper penetration
 
 as well as you on top
 
 and... after I cum in you with you on your back
 
 if you lift your hips up and hold your legs in the air for a couple minutes
 
 it is supposed to help\n\nSoo what positions to you want to do?\n\nSoo when are we meeting? (as early as you want ;) )  the more time  I get with you
 
 the better chance of you getting a baby ;)
 
 still meeting. so...what positions. obviously
 
 ur cum needs to b in me as deep as possible  x x
 
 I think we are going to have an amazing Friday. lol\n\nsoo are we still meeting for coffee first? ;)  or just going to your place?
 
 oooh i love the sound of that. i have a very tight pussy and when she gets wet
 
 she can get sooo wet she drips. u will love her but she may encourage u to cum in me more and more.  i do love it...xxx whatever will make u explode in me over and over x
 
 http://www.divorce-online.co.uk/\n\nTHat is one site.. lol (if you go on to Google.co.uk and type in Online divorce you can find more)  
 
 this sounds amazing. lol and one thing you will like is that I cum 2-5 times per sex. \n\nso if we have sex more then once... you are looking at 4-10 times of me cumming in you ;) lol\n\nsoo... do you like being eaten out? (just wondering 
 
 I love to do that)
 
 sweet
 
 didnt know that. i dont understand him
 
 one minute hes telling me to get out
 
 dont come bk
 
 i go out and he texts me telling me not to leave
 
 hes not ready. wish hed make his mind up. well
 
 cum in me as much as possible. but u cant let me cum till the end...i get very very very sensitive. x
 
 if you two aren't going to argue about the divorce
 
 you can get divorced online. lol and its a lot cheaper
 
 (its only costing me like 300 US dollars haha)\n\nSoo... how many times do you think we'll going have sex on Friday? \nheheh (so I can prepare) :P
 
 well im not totally sure coz i cant remember if its included in the price we paid or not. my hubby got a loan for them so its not too bad to pay off. \xa3147 a month for 3 years. its only my boobs that cost- i cut n colour my hair
 
 do my own manicures
 
 i buy my own clothes
 
 everything i want for myself. i dont ask for anything
 
 dont ask for money. i ask for food though but i dont each much. and yeah
 
 i understand. i cant afford a divorce for a couple of years. but it wont b messy
 
 we have nothing to argue over and he wants me to hav our kitten coz i raised him. x
 
 lol how much do your boobs cost to 'renew'? haha\n\nsoo... how 'high maintanance' are you? aside from your boobs?\n\nbecuase money might be a little tight to start out. (just being honest)
 
 hehe sounds good. really want to get me pregnant dont u. well we should click since u want to make a mum. a lot of blokes will cum in a girl
 
 no asking and then fuck off to let her deal with it all. i should know. im not cheap to maintain
 
 my boobs hav to be renewed every 6-10 years. x
 
 hmmm well we will try and try and try on Friday before I have to go to base. ;) lol\nand I am ready for a proper life as well hun.\n\nand I hope that we click when we see each other
 
 because I would love to take care of you :D
 
 \x05\ufffd\x03~\x02\x02ant
 
 i hope but it could well b me. and my most fertile days r next week. lol. x
 
 \x05\ufffd\x03~\x02\x01yes but there has to b love. well im ok coz yes i want to children
 
 fresh start
 
 proper life. uve already got two kids so u should b able to get me pregn
 
 hmm... well... I want more kids... you want kids. your dead sexy. ..  I want a wife
 
 you want a 'real' husband and out of England. \n\nand... I love kids
 
 and pregnant women. lol\n\nthese all seem to line up.. lol\n\nWhy are you ok with the idea of me getting you pregnant?
 
 why do u want to get me pregnant anyway  and possibly make me ur wife? x x
 
 hey. im not on base tonight. iv got to go to work and leave here by 4/5
 
 x
 
 Whenever you get a second
 
 send me a message on here.\nDo you know if you will be onbase tonight? I can come see you ;) lol
 
 I am up for talking all day long :D\n\nand planning your pregnancy ;)
 
 Thanks!!!
 
 Happy bday young one :)
 
 That sounds busy so good luck
 
 7 kids.   20+ units a semester should graduate in spring 17 with my b.s. in computer programming
 
 with minors in music 
 
 linguistics
 
 and Esociety.  So.. busy haha. Other than that. Getting by dealing with day to day
 
 Things are good. Work keeps me busy otherwise not a whole lit new. How about you?
 
 Hope all going well. Been awhile
 
 Well :p lol
 
 Shucks.  I was only in Phoenix in Sept so sorry I should have contacted you.
 
 Hey girly
 
 let me know when you get to Pheonix
 
 Ill send you a picture when I get home from bowling
 
  They are so adorable. I haven't met the newest one yet though. 
 
 I met them at Alice's and Larry's house. 
 
 Yep yep not sure if anyone told you. Lol I have give kiddos now .. My two
 
 a three month old with my gf and she had two before me
 
 Kindergarten that's exciting. 
 
 Boring .. Lol just bought a house so money is a little bit tight while I readjust the budget.. And my oldest starts kindergarden this week
 
 Pretty good. How was your birthday?
 
 THanks hun
 
 Hows everything going for you?
 
 That's really cool though.  I'm terrible with technology.  My boyfriend got an electrical engineering degree and really likes that stuff though.  
 
 I'm getting my Bachelors in Computer Engineering that will turn into a Masters of Artificial Intelligence then I'm going back to get my Doctorate in Vocal and Instrumental Music Performance and Education   (I have a couple more years ahead of me. lol)
 
 Thats awesome.  I hope Arizona is nice.  I am in DO medical school. So I'm getting a doctor of osteopathy and a masters in bioethics.  It'll be another 2 1/2 years before I finish and then I have residency but hopefully it'll be good.  What are you getting your degree in?
 
 getting settled in in Tucson
 
 Az. Trying to finalize my divorce. Me and the kids are doing good. I'm getting ready to start school again. Calc II and Physics I and II.     \nWhat's your Major now? lol
 
 Pretty good just super busy with school.  How bout you?\n
 
 Hey deary
 
 Hows this going for you?\n
 
 I am still overseas for a couple more weeks
 
 I will be on a plane March 5th and I'll be in Kansas for 2-3 weeks before I go to Arizona for my next assignment.\n\nI will be finalizing my divorce in Arizona
 
 but I am getting full custody of both of my kids.\n\nI have just been working
 
 taking care of the kids
 
 and doing online college
 
 and testing out of courses when I can. I am 6 credits from my AA and about a year into my B.S. Computer Engineering
 
 It's going good.  I am super busy but other than that its fun.  How bout you?  Are you still overseas?
 
 Been awhile. \nHow is everything going with you?
 
 So.. Where's my bday present pictures from you? Rofl jk jk
 
 Too bad we couldn't party together ;) :) lol that would get nuts haha
 
 Yup :)
 
 Happy birthday to us lol
 
 Finishing the color on my tatt. On Saturday :) happy bday to me I guess.... Lol
 
 :p
 
 ;)
 
 :p
 
 
 
 Smile ;)
 
 Is it cool if I head over
 
 Yeah
 
 U there hun
 
 Heading your way
 
 ?
 
 Just you and the kids there now?
 
 Leavenworth ..which is by anthony elementary
 
 Which is?
 
 2322 4th ave
 
 Hmm...  Where you live hun
 
 Lol
 
 Still a no especially since I have a boyfriend
 
 Just one. ? I've been trying for a decade lol :p
 
 Lol
 
 Ouch :p lol
 
 I dont kiss friends
 
 But why... :p
 
 Your to funny cuz no
 
 Oh why not?
 
 No kisses
 
 I dont have mine yet. And where are you at now? And a kiss will help with the cleaning haha
 
 Haha...you can stop by but im cleaning lol..bring the kids my kids are up
 
 Lol if you're up for it. I could swing by and give you a hug and a kiss before your dad gets there ;)
 
 Right now cleaning before my dad comes over
 
 O well were going swimming at 1 at the pool
 
 Whatcha doing now?
 
 We could celebrate together ;)  lol\n\nAnd gf . and no .\n\nJust came to pick my two up from their mom
 
 Maybe idk yet.. but we would be celebrating our birthdays lol... is you wife and kids here too
 
 Well we could hang out. Lol
 
 I want one but i dont want to go by myself
 
 Why not?  Thought you were having a growed up weekend
 
 Not sure if im going..but hey.
 
 In town for a week. Hope you enjoy Colorado :) anywho...  Hi :)
 
 Id come help decorate you ;) lol jk
 
 Good night gorgeous ;) lol
 
 Haha
 
 Sorry 
 
 
 
 No lol...
 
 Lol so im right? Haha jk
 
 Yeah lol
 
 Make ya smile? :)
 
 Haha
 
 Thats cuz he's not me duh haha jk jk
 
 Busy busy..short storie  hes not good enough 
 
 Taking 22 units. Double major. \nWorking 31-39 hours overnight fri sat sun. \nCars keep breaking.  And broke. Lol the Normal shit lol\n\nY no bf?
 
 Got a new jobb2orking overnights. Loss the bf. Getting a new tattoo.  Hows life for you
 
 Lol details?
 
 Good its life
 
 Sooooo.. How's life?
 
 What's wrong girly?
 
 Whatever it was i didnt do it lol
 
 Lol didn't make you blush did i? Lol
 
 Lol thanks
 
 Happy birthday gorgeous sexy woman\n\nHopethe mr and the daddy are spoiling you today
 
 I know.   Lol
 
 No
 
 But but but $$  lol jk jk
 
 No only to my man
 
 U gonna cater to me? Lol jk
 
 Catering its one of my side jobs
 
 Where lol
 
 Working
 
 Whatcha doing hun
 
 Fun fun. Lol
 
 Cool im working
 
 Im im kc in a junk yard
 
 Anyways whats up
 
 Your sexy rating haha jk
 
 Whats up
 
 Morning
 
 Ill message u tomorrow then
 
 Kk
 
 Ill be goin to sleep but later
 
 Yhey r doing alright . illmsg i in a bit
 
 Thinking im gonna go to parkville or kansas city mo not to far but far enough..lol..\nHow our you and your family
 
 Good.   So when ypu clearing out of lv? Lol
 
 Good working on a new job got a good man daughters growing all is good here
 
 Ya lol\n\nHow's everything going?
 
 That sucks
 
 Totalled my car. After 12 hours in town
 
 Good just doin life an u
 
 How have u been
 
 Hey
 
 Hey girly
 
 I know that using invisible money sucks. lol
 
 text me hun   9136690172
 
 :P
 
 Yup lol
 
 Lol :p  
 
 Lol im sure we could have fun in a friend way an all my new pics are on fb
 
 Send me a new pic.  Text me 913 669 0172 I'll send one back
 
 Its true lol. I'm Tons off fun ;)
 
 Lol 
 
 Still think we should go out and have some fun
 
 Fun fun
 
 Lol
 
 Well he seems nice really thats all I know about him well he takes care  of business hes 28 
 
 so....   New guy
 
 wats he like
 
 Same here
 
 Same shit different day
 
 two jobs
 
 getting by
 
 Lmao how are you?
 
 Jk
 
 Me ;)
 
 Have to see how it goes
 
 Maybe 
 
 Goodie
 
 new bf?
 
 I am an have been lol 
 
 Smile
 
 Lol I dont talk to her
 
   tell her I can help her with bills. lmao ;)
 
 want to be a grown up and pay bills
 
 sounds like her lol
 
 No she  didnt  want to be a grown up and pay bills
 
 still live with tori?
 
 Yup lol
 
 lmao
 
 Nope found my some legal ones lol
 
 or border jumpers. :P jk
 
 lol
 
 Lmao I have to pass im into  international guys
 
 interested&gt;? ;) lol jk
 
 Fun fun
 
 I'm working two jobs
 
 getting ready to get a 3rd. lol
 
 gf is good
 
 we are looking for another gf
 
 our old one moved out. 
 
 Im ok working two jobs working out an taking care of zoey with dating occasionally
 
 hows the kids an women
 
 life
 
 love
 
 finances
 
 baby
 
 etc..etc..etc..
 
 you?
 
 same shit different day. 
 
 Hey how are you
 
 what is up
 
 Smile
 
 text me. 913-669-0172
 
 why isn't it good for you? :P
 
 It's not good for Me I
 
 y not? lol
 
 No good
 
 y no booze? lol
 
 You me no booze  :-)
 
 so
 
 me
 
 you
 
 booze
 
 when I'm intown?
 
 Ya I heard
 
 an here working doing life
 
 
 
 so what are you gonna be doing when I'm in town? probably in the next couple weks
 
 you heard Allen is tearing the trailer down?
 
 Ya sorry to hear about that
 
 my cousin committed suicide yesterday
 
 ya
 
 not sure when
 
 
 
 Wow alot going on for you
 
 so you'll be in town in a day or so then?
 
 c section next week for my twns
 
 getting some money together to come to a funeral in Ks. and working on getting another job
 
 Working
 
 kicking it
 
 dating what about you
 
 and what is 'doing' life consist of
 
 lol wish i knew her better lmao
 
 I've just been doing life
 
 Ya she knows everyone lol 
 
 she got me suspended from 7th grade. lol for 3 days
 
 so what have you been up to?
 
 .... ya. .. lol ask her if she knows me. see how that conversation goes. lol
 
 Ya I do you know her?
 
 so you live with Tori. ? LMFAO   thats interesting
 
 heard some stuff yesterday
 
 and occasionally. 
 
 Hey not much how are you? talk to anyone back home lately?
 
 whast up?
 
 thats good 
 
 all doing ok for me. :)
 
 and for you
 
 life is starting to be good
 
 love is something ill find agin and finance will always be a problem but will be ok
 
 life
 
 love
 
 finances?
 
 im doing good
 
 we are doing good
 
 how about you?
 
 hey so how are oyu and the family?
 
 :P
 
 Stop 
 
 :P hehe I'm good with my tongue ;)
 
 Lol
 
 thats a lot of kids. lol and we try to do family pics
 
 occasionall
 
 just to many kids. lol
 
 You should go do family pics
 
 Lol just post a new one I don't care 
 
 ;) :P
 
 so.. what type of pic do youwant? lol 
 
 I'm workin.
 
 What are you up to an you need a new one too
 
 Haha funny
 
 haha
 
 or.. I'll pay for one later ;)
 
 I want a mirror pic now :P
 
 Lmao
 
 When I go out Saturday I'll take one
 
 Lol I just put new ones up 
 
 you need new pictures
 
 how are you doing sexy woman? ;)
 
 Hey
 
 :P
 
 Lol
 
 Next Time I'm in town? Lil
 
 lol i know but i dont see that happening but we'll see
 
 Haha
 
 Meant with me for a night lol
 
 lol i have been 
 
 I bet you'd enjoy yourself
 
 haha 
 
 Well fun can still be fun ;) haha
 
 lol im not sorry 
 
 If you didn't know me as much? Lol
 
  not so much just cuz i know know you and your just a friend
 
 Do you find me attractive at all?  ;)
 
  ya i dont know
 
 Some
 
 Thank you
 
 do when do we get done fun lol
 
 well fun means alot of things for me these days but ya im very busy to i saw the videos of the kids there cute
 
 Just fun? When do we get to have fun? ;) mwah lol\n\nThings are going on for me
 
 just alot going on :)
 
 life is ok ive been having lots of fun lately i dont love no more just have fun
 
 finances are fine zoeys out of diapers no sippy cup an sleeps in her bed so things are going good how about with you?\n
 
 I'm alright
 
 how are you doing hun?\nLife
 
 love
 
 finances
 
 etc...
 
 hey how are you?\n
 
 that sucks
 
 lol
 
 becuase we agree on everything. and the judges are assholes
 
 why is it taken so long
 
 damn judges
 
 once I finally get divroced. 
 
 so are you going to marry your new baby momma\n
 
 Crazy 
 
 adam turns 6 in  17 days
 
 so by june we will have 7 kids total in the house. under 6 years old
 
 O wow
 
 she's good
 
 we are expecting twins in june. 
 
 Ya how's the other one
 
 Marissas in LV. lol
 
 Funfun hows the baby mamas gon
 
 workin 7-4 mon-fri. the norm. military stuff. lol
 
 Lv is lv. I get up at 5 go to work get off at 2 get Zoey an go to my other job till 730 m-f then add school in there Wednesday nights an side jobs on the weekends how about u
 
 lol
 
 lv still treating you well? lo
 
 I don't want no money so stop trying to get me to say yes one don't want to brow two I'm not doing what u want me todo so I don't have to give back k
 
 hey hun. :) kids are good. all your bills paid up? :)
 
 hows the kids?
 
 hows he kids
 
 well that sounds nice an no i would not like any money but thanks for the offer\n
 
 would you want some extra money to spoil yourself with? :) ;)
 
 getting ready to buy a 2200$ comptuer
 
 and pay off about 5K on my mortgage. :) lol
 
 you?
 
 hey well life is busy
 
 im takeing care of finances and love whats that lmao
 
 hows
 
 life
 
 love
 
 and finances?
 
 having fun hun?
 
 aloha
 
 trying to figure out when my blackouts start... fun fun
 
 ohh.. darn.. why? lol
 
 Thanks but ill pass
 
 ohh
 
 I was hoping i could help you out money wise. lol  and I'm sorry you're lonely. I could always help out ;) :D
 
 I. Work three jobs
 
 Money is fine and life is lonely 
 
 so.. hows life? (whats going wrong now) and hows money?
 
 Aww
 
 Adams in Kindergarten
 
 and saundra is working on talking more 
 
 Not going to do that 
 
 my kiddos are good
 
 anywho.. hows life
 
 love and finances?
 
 Hows the kids
 
 (opinion)
 
 leave him tehre. 
 
 I don't no I'm doing his papers but I don't no what's going to happen 
 
 so you all single and stuff? ;)
 
 Lil one is going to be 2 this week and he's in his country 
 
 same old same old. how are you? the lil one? and the 'mr'?
 
 Ok just doing life u
 
 life is just life though. lol how have you been?
 
 good evening. lol
 
 hola
 
 Having a marvelous day?
 
 good afternoon
 
 I'm bored... what have you been up to?
 
 How is everything going with you?
 
 good morning
 
 how is LV treating you?
 
 having a marvelous day?
 
 Thats a little hard
 
 I'm in a different state.   So... how about we actually talk like human beings... I can't exactly 'steal' your girl
 
 when I'm over 2000 miles away now can I?
 
 Come here bicth
 
 He bitch
 
 and oh yea.. No abla espanol
 
 good morning/afternoon
 
 Y si ablas espanol..deja de  estarla molestando y si queres aqui te espero acual quier hora hijo de puta
 
 You don't wanna talk now? ?
 
 You need stop 
 
 You like my wife men? ??
 
 good afternoon. :-)
 
 mornin hun
 
 Thank you..so when are you going to come down here and give me my' present'? Lol
 
 Happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!hope you have a good one
 
 you having a good day thusfar?
 
 you get your birthday spankings yet? rofl jk jk
 
 thanks
 
 happy birthday
 
 :P
 
 :-)
 
 is*
 
 whenever that it
 
 I'll hit you up the next time I'm in town
 
 oh.. okey dokey.. ttyl hun. have fun ;
 
 b ut hey i got to go
 
 hard to explain
 
 how does that work?
 
 kinda? lol
 
 kinda both
 
 so is he getting deported? or going back to apply for citizenship?
 
 lol
 
 maybe to Oklahoma City (not that I'm bragging) ;) ROFLMAO jk
 
 I dont think it will reach quite that far
 
 i know
 
 lol
 
 haha
 
 ok. it was just a question. I didn't know :-) not like I'm planning on doing anything. lol I'm not exactly in 'arms' reach. ROFL 
 
 hes here 
 
 ?
 
 his here
 
 so you still with the mr? or you livin it up single style
 
 wtf?
 
 although.. the midlife crisisfucker sent me ALL of the spoons
 
 and dont particuarly plan on starting.. 
 
 ya
 
 haven't spoken to him since 2008
 
 well its true. 
 
 lol
 
 I guess I might be able to talk to your mom again. lol
 
 about time. rofl
 
 nope
 
 She's not with Allen anymore?
 
 lol interesting. lol
 
 ya my mom
 
 yep adams 5 and Saundras 3
 
 you ever find a roomate? :-)
 
 o well thats nice he starts school
 
 both rank in low to mid scale autism
 
 just differently
 
 and Saundras still working on talkingin complete sentences. shes delayed just like adam was/is
 
 adam getting ready for school. got al his stuff ready. 
 
 they are good. 
 
 hows your kids 
 
 hell be back in a year or so
 
 he coming back? or is he permenantly back?
 
 ya vacation
 
 and the lilone is get big shell astart daycare in oct. her dad leaves to go back to his country at the end of sept
 
 (adam starts kindergarden on the 1st)  THey grow up quick
 
 what about the rest of the questions? lol  and why do you have a week off? vacation?
 
 o that sucks to be working
 
 life is life i have the next week off 
 
 the normal
 
 how are you 
 
 the lil one
 
 life
 
 love
 
 and $?
 
 hopefully only 8 to go
 
 been here for4 hours so far
 
 working
 
 goodmorning how are you
 
 mornin
 
 good morning
 
 how are you doing?
 
 hola
 
 mornin hun
 
 smile. :D
 
 goooood morning
 
 mornin
 
 I'm bored.. amuse me
 
 whats up hun
 
 hello?
 
 I'm ok
 
 how about you ?  kiddo
 
 job
 
 roomate yet
 
 money?
 
 Hey how are you
 
 hey girly
 
 good morning sexy :P :P :P :P
 
 hola deary
 
 Later 
 
 ttyl
 
 but Imma get off for a bit. you have my number so text me deary . and let me know ifyou change you mind on wanting/needing money
 
 yup yup
 
 LOL sounds like there Don good
 
 my kiddos are good
 
 Adam start school this year
 
 Saundra's a diva
 
 my new baby (sophia) is working on crawiling. my gfs daughter starts school this year and her son is a pain. lol
 
 How r they
 
 I'm ok
 
  just up  a lil early with the kiddos
 
 let me know if you ever get to the point that you change your mind on the stuff we talked about ok hun?
 
 Good u
 
 how you doing girly girl?
 
 Hey
 
 boo@! ;)
 
 k
 
 I'm here if you need me hun
 
 k
 
 g2g talk later
 
 sorry. not trying to piss you off. just looking for a way to help :P
 
 nooooooooooo
 
 what about ingerie pics?
 
 iam not doing that isnt selfrescpet
 
 whats the issue? (just curious) maybe we can figure something out hun
 
 why not?
 
 the most pics you get are the ones on facebook
 
 no i cant do that
 
 how bad are you?  in debt
 
 etc..
 
 we could discuss pictures. (then you wouldn't have to pay me back
 
 because the pictures would be the payment)  and that could help you out $$ wise since he's not helping
 
 o
 
 babysitter that I use while I'm at work
 
 whos  keeping the kids while your gone
 
 no its not your place and i dont have or will to pay back
 
 I can help (once I Get paid). if you want hun
 
 yup
 
 yup to both question?
 
 yup
 
 how are you doin on money? still bad?
 
 thats it?
 
 $40 every two weeks for diappers 
 
 he helping on money at all?
 
 yup
 
 I'm sory
 
 well that tells you where he stands hun
 
 i give he baby daddy a chance to have his kid over night an now he was to work in the mornign an has to work till 630 or so and then i find out theres a party over there tonight my kids not going
 
 about what?
 
 iam annoyed
 
 damn. :P  you're snippy
 
 k]
 
 no talk like that or ill stop talkn
 
 so hows my sexy lil woman doin? lol   haha
 
 funfun
 
 whole poitn of vegas (win money) and try patron Platinum
 
 fun fun fun
 
 my bowling league is paying for a trip to vegas and entry in a tournament i'll be in vegas next weekend.. 
 
 hey there your gon to vegas
 
 hmm one more week till vegas WOO!
 
 hola
 
 hola
 
 hola
 
 good afternoon sexy
 
 hey girly
 
 good morning deary
 
 hey girly
 
 do you need help hun?
 
 boo ;)
 
 and and and. ;)
 
 and a venting buddy
 
 and a drinkin buddy
 
 and for friendly support
 
 well I am here for money deary. ;)  
 
 kk
 
 Ill deal with it really don't want to talk about it \n
 
 even if its just a lil lil bit
 
 u cud ask him to pay
 
 or refuse him seeing the baby
 
 Year probably maybe 2
 
 whens that?
 
 Nope wont get that till he has his papers 
 
 congrats. ;) time to party. ;) and putin for shild support. lol
 
 Well the baby daddy moved out yesterday 
 
 lol   what have you been upt o recently? other than lookingstunning ;) hehe
 
 LOL maybe 
 
 whenever that is. lol
 
 oh.... soo we gonna get get a drink or 6 when I'm intown?
 
 No thanks
 
 I can help ;)
 
 Cuz u don't need no worry about it
 
 so you never answered how you wer doin on money the other day hun. ;)
 
 :-) morning 
 
 mornin gorgeous ;)
 
 u there?
 
 hows money?
 
 just workin?
 
 Just work n
 
 money ok?  etc...
 
 WHat have you been up to?
 
 oh... why?  I'm sorry
 
 Ian gone to stop talk n
 
 I cant' ask hypothetically what your favorite 'position' is? ;)
 
 No hypothetical? 
 
 soo... hypothetical questions? ;)
 
 Maybe 
 
 I think we'd have 'fun'hehe
 
 Maybe like I always say;-)
 
 so we chillng when I'm in town? :))   drinkin
 
 bowlin
 
 'etc..' ;)
 
 O
 
 Aww
 
 Not sure
 
... when I get a chance basically and have money
 
 and a need to be in KS
 
 Kids are good
 
 Adam start Kindergarten this year :D  and Saundra's a Diva  rofl
 
 Whens that
 
 Hows the kids
 
 soo we chillin when I get back into town? :)
 
 that 'good' huh?
 
 Zoeys good. And rather not. Talk. Bout me an him
 
 ;) Mwah  hehe :P  
 
 Lmao
 
 soo. you never said what my 'encentive' for moving in would be ;) hehe rofl
 
 I'm ok
 
 :) how are you and the baby and the Mr.?
 
 o_O
 
 Hey how are u
 
 hola deary ;)
 
 oh... whered you go?
 
 how you doin on money?
 
 what 'encentive' would I get for moving in? ;) hehe
 
 i bet u would lmao
 
 I'd move in. ;) hehe
 
 hola
 
 hey sexy
 
 and as far as Dee and Allen are converned you never talkedt o me
 
 we have a lot to catch up on
 
 ok
 
 please get on later. :)
 
 iam ok but hey i got to go talk later
 
 (I'm curious
 
 especially with a kiddo)
 
 and how far back on bills are you?
 
 what have you been up to?
 
 but..
 
 they probably aren't as bad as you think. lol
 
 no more talk about it
 
 and on a side note
 
 I would love to tak eyou out to dinner when I come back through town :)
 
 would you be ok with some hypothetical talking about the prices
 
 and pictures
 
 and the kind I actually want lol
 
 yka you need m4ore pics of3 the baby3
 
 so if more money for pictures helped you decide then the price would go up. :)
 
 :)
 
 so I wasn't trying to offend you :) its just my way of helping. 
 
 and we have an interesting relationship lol
 
 :)
 
 we are in a very good relationship
 
 wow
 
 but now with Nikki's kids that makes 5 total for us. :D
 
 I'm sick of them finding shit out about me
 
 ok
 
 her or bth
 
 Sophia Paige Anya Johnson (dont tell Allen 
 
 or Dee)
 
 pictures on my wall
 
 been with her a year now. and just had another baby. :)
 
 so you got a gf  thats good
 
 I've gotten rather comfortable with my fetishes since my gf likes them
 
 and knows they make me a better person. :)
 
 no thats good
 
 I hope I didn't offend you.
 
 Kids are good
 
 Saundra is talking a little better. and adam is starting school this year :)
 
 ok
 
 I try not to push on the loan topic ok?
 
 so what the kids up too
 
 ignore everything I just said
 
 its just there if you want to use it
 
 lol
 
 just talk to me
 
 ok
 
 ill  be ok
 
 and prices for loans are always negotialbe
 
 why not? I'm curious
 
 dont worrie about it
 
 but thanks
 
 on bills?
 
 how far in the hole are you?
 
 ill pass
 
 the main part is that it is kept quiet and no one is told
 
 lol
 
 and the people got the money they needed/wanted and no one was ever the wiser
 
 everyone came away happy
 
 
 
 ((Yes I know it sounds weird
 
 but I'm weird. lol))  I've done between 15-20 of the small loans and about 10 of the large loans in LV
 
 and the conversation goes on until we come to an agreement
 
 might want to try
 
 etc..
 
 which include a long lengthy discussion about what the person
 
 likes
 
 doesnt like
 
 
 
 larger loans (normally between 400-1000$) are 'physical' repayment 
 
 l0mao
 
 moa
 
 for smaller loans
 
 like 50$-$100 its nude pictures like 25 pictures for 50$ (((((WHICH&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; no one else sees but me
 
 and it comes with a handwritten signed sheet stating I will not disseminate))))
 
 lmao
 
 lol
 
 but since most people
 
 can't afford to pay people back for loans
 
 I have intersting methods of repayment
 
 and they are 'loans'
 
 ?
 
 I have two different parts. 
 
 lol
 
 can I explain?  I've helped more than a few people with my fetish.. so you wouldn't be the first
 
 and wont be the last. lol (if you decide you are ok with it
 
 no
 
 was the omg for the house? lol
 
 lol
 
 calm down. lol
 
 the house is nice a big
 
 I have a fetish for helping people I know
 
 and am friends with. 
 
 omg
 
 I have an interesting fetish
 
 that I have been doing for the past cople years
 
  if you promise not to be offended I'll tell you (but no one else knows) and oddly enough
 
 my gf approves and finds it hott. lol
 
 so just curious how could you help?
 
 heres the house
 
 http://www.movoto.com/az/7962-e-2nd-st-tucson/472_21206645.htm\n\n
 
 :)
 
 im back
 
 hurry up hun :)
 
 brb
 
 dont think so
 
 :)
 
 yea. did I show you the link to it yet?
 
 ?
 
 so your buying a house
 
 iam not paying in the bills not so well
 
 because I'm curious. I like to help people when I can
 
 and I have an interesting way of helping... but that only applies depending on how 'not so well' is not so well
 
 why?
 
 how 'not so well' is not so well?
 
 not so well on money an idk
 
 and when can I come visit? :D :P
 
 how are you guys doin on money?
 
 ?
 
 good.
 
 he will be leaveing in sept.
 
 we are really good i dont know what happend but for like the pasttwo moths we have really been workn on us
 
 hows u and the 'mr'
 
 they are good. :)
 
 were good and your kidos
 
 lol ya 
 
 how are you and thebaby doing?
 
 ~me~  LMAO jk jk
 
 been awhile since you have been on :P
 
 yup :P hehe
 
 really \n
 
 MWAH!   (between your legs) hehehe (I know
 
 I'm horrible) :P
 
 lol\n
 
 MWAH!
 
 well I miss you
 
 and wish that one particular night happened a little different ;) hehe  (massage) hehe  
 
 lol i miss no man\n
 
 soo....... miss me yet? ;)
 
 :)
 
 thats the house
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwnt8nv1tli&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1
 
 were ok dealn with life shes gon threw with dralls from her bottle.thats good your tryn to get a house
 
 miss me? ;)
 
 how are you and the kiddo? 
 
 we're good
 
 just put an offer on the house I am trying to buy. fun fun
 
 hey how are you an the kidos
 
 Boo
 
 hey sexy woman
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 We've been good. How have you been? I was looking forward to seeing you when I was in town but... :P you ignored me again. :P
 
 hey how u an the kids been
 
 about time you are online since I can't txt you anymore. :P
 
 what have you been u pto?
 
 hey sexy
 
 gooood mornign
 
 Once again
 
 I apologize for anything that was said that was interpretted as offensive. Since I got scolded by Linda the other day for my crude
 
 scientific method to satisfy a sociological curiousity. So once again
 
 I apologize for anything that was offensive
 
 both before and after I explained the meaning behind it.
 
 so I wasn't trying to offend you dear. Good night
 
 when I can
 
 I love to take sociology classes and one thing I like to do is to see how people react when confronted with unusual circumstances
 
 and see how they compare to eachother. Sorry
 
 I like knowledge so I  apologize if you took offense to anything.  you reacted the same as about 80% of people
 
 until the religious part
 
 then you dropped down to 10% of reactions. 
 
 i said not to tell anyone because it was an joke of illtaste and people would take it wrong
 
 obviously. .. that is why I said dont tell anyone.  and I am glad that you and Jesus have a good relationship 
 
 and I will leave my religious views and comments there. 
 
 If my mom wants tell you about.God she will she doesnt care what u say if she feel u need to hear it she'll tell u what needs be told and I am the same way and thats not funny u dont joke like that with family its sick and if u were joking why did u say to.not teel any one if it was a joke than u shouldnt care who knows anyway I forgive you because that what Jesus would do and so will I Jesus loves u no matter what u say about him so I think u need to find him I hope one day you will and when u do.you'll see what I mean God Bless
 
 theres a reason i said it was a joke. lol  so calm down. hahaha... anyways... on the God topic
 
 not a topic you want to start with me
 
 even Linda stays away from it now
 
 I have my own views
 
 and they are different from yours and hers so we shall agree to disagree on that particular topic. lol\nI kinda just wanted to see what your response to that would be. \nwhat I actually do is if people need money and I can spare it
 
 I do interest free loans
 
 with repayment plans that they can afford. \nBut it was a joke so cool your lid. lol
 
 R u crazy I am family I hope youer joking that not right now i am mad I was tring to be nice because we r family but now let me tell u some ting im a woman of God im married and love my family I used to walk u home from school when u were little I never thought u would have grown up ti be a man pig I hope get to no God because u need him and I dont need meny if I need meny all I have to is ask mt dad or my mom and Parke not sale my body I would rather eat dog poop then do any of that:(~
 
 heres my joke/kinda   I have a fetish... I like to help people. peole that I know
 
 and am friends with
 
 when they come into money troubles.  (me and my gf talk about this and budget it in.)  I give people loans with 'physical' repayment policies. Assume someone needed like 300$ or there would evicted... I would give it to them in eschange for sex. (I only do this to people I know and am friends with)  or I pay them for nude photos normally like 25 photos i describe for 50$.... the higher the amount needed the more 'physical' repayment required... Given that we are not blood related
 
 and you guys are broke
 
 I was wondering if you might be intersted in one of those options? its quick money
 
 and it  has helped many people when they are in need of money.    \n(PLEASE DONT BE OFFENDED BY THIS)  I am not trying to offend you ok?  (also please dont tell anyone about this
 
 the only reason stuff like this works to help people is if it stays quiet)
 
 since we aren't technically blood related?
 
 that kills my jokes though/offer to help you out money wise. lol can I still make the jokes though?
 
 Parke's my step dad but I thinl of him as a real dad so yah we're super blood related
 
 cuz I forgot
 
 are you Parkes?
 
 really related like super blood related
 
 or just 'family' lol   (trying to get a grasp at how my jokes will be
 
 without offending) lol
 
 I think we're realy related it doesnt mater how offten we sent time together  we'er  family nomatter what
 
 you answer effects my hypothetical questinos. hehe
 
 since we never spent much time together. lol 
 
 how much do you consider us related?
 
 can I talk funny hypothetically for a minute?
 
 We're broke but we're ok my had hels us when we need it
 
 how are you guys diong on money?
 
 And i dont have any minets on here im using my dads wifi
 
 No its just when ever I start doing some thing I always have to stop i and never get any thing done so thats  probabally what happend and your a Johnson man I lived with Parke so I no u mean nothing by it and I didnt take nothing by it\nIts takes alot to pisse me off unless youre Elmer lol:) anyway u didnt make me mad I most likly had to stop plaing on fb and clean a mess or stop a fight beween the kids
 
 hey hun
 
 my phone number is 913-669-0172  text me. :)
 
 hey hun
 
 whats your cell number so I can text you when I get bored..
 
 just chekcing
 
 I tend to piss people off. I have 'loose/interesting" morals so I tend to push buttons
 
 did I offend you last time we takled a week or so ago?
 
 not a problem dear...
 
 Yah we all had the flu but we all r better now  thanks for asking
 
 like the short hair btw
 
 everyone finally out of the hospital? lol
 
 Good
 
 how everyone doing?
 
 aloha
 
 haha... theres more than you know deary ;)
 
 He not that bad but he likes to think so
 
 I know
 
 and even though I am not religious I do respect your mother for her devotion. (because Allen is a hell of a chore do deal with)
 
 ok my mom has never like your dad she just trys to et alogn with him for parke and GOD
 
 I hope you get out of the hospital soon and that you get home to the hubby and the kiddos. keep me informed dear.  
 
 still there?   I wasn't trying to upset you
 
 obviously why I todl you. when I do have my nights off to drink drink (which isn't that often) I tend to type without thinking so I was just telilng you to yell at me. :) 
 
 and I am just now getting to a place in my life that I can reconnect with the family
 
 and not worry about Allen interfering. and since parke and linda and Paige know him for what he is
 
 i started there. :)
 
 lol just a fair warning
 
 I can get. 'interesting' online. lol especially drunk. I tend to flirt with anyone that is online. and noramlly dont notice the names till after I send messages. so I apologize ahead of time. (doesnt happen that often so dont worry
 
 lol so if I send random mesasges
 
 just laugh
 
 and smile
 
 and tell me to go to bed. lol)\nand I'm ok
 
 me and the kids are good. :) down in Tucson
 
 how are you 
 
 its nice to know someone in the family cares 
 
 I'm nosey mainly
 
 and like I sai
 
d I have been out of touch with a lot of the family for a long time now. 
 
 thanks for asking
 
 yah why i get help from my dad
 
 lol . you guys doin alright finance wise?
 
 i know i saw him at parkes b-day party he pissed me off he kept tring to tell parke what my moms big srpice was so i told him to shout his big mouth the funny thing was he  did for alittle wile
 
 good
 
 just saying
 
 if you get in a rough patch
 
 I've been through plenty of my own
 
 so I'm here for support. :)   you guys dion' alright money wise with all the hospitals?  (sorry
 
 trying to keep in better contact with the family that I still talk to) (if you didn't know
 
 I haven't spoken to Allen since 2008)
 
 were good 
 
 how are you and the hubby doing other than that?
 
 I'm sorry deary
 
 I wish I could kiss it and make it all better. :)
 
 no im still in here missing my family
 
 how are you and the hubby doin?
 
 ;) 
 
 nuttin
 
 you... stay out of hospital. lol  
 
 whats up
 
 hey woman 
 
 you and the mr doing ok? you stayin out of the hospital&gt;?
 
 ok
 
  Imma be in lv from the 2nd to the 10th woo...... lol
 
 good u
 
 Hey girly girl hows everything going?
 
 thats awesome i did my thanksgiving at home we didnt go anywhere but it turned out pretty good for my first time cooking it 
 
 It was good
 
 28 lbs turkey
 
 12 lb ham
 
 and other yummy stuff
 
 now I have enough left over ham and hambone for Hamhock soup. :D
 
 good how was yours 
 
 Hey hun
 
 how was thanksgiving?\n\n
 
 yah i now ne and elmer has our ups and downs but we love each other and thats what matters
 
 its nice to hear you are doing better
 
 its also nice to hear that you and the hubby are doing good.\n\nThat is unusual to hear nowadays
 
 yah
 
 im all rite now i was realy sick but im good now
 
 good good good. I heard you were inteh hospital
 
 You ok?
 
 we all are doing real good. m glad to hear all that sound like you not doing to bad
 
 been better 
 
 been worse\n\nStationed in England for the Air Force (been here since 08')\n\nTwo amazing kids\n\nA wife that is leaving me when we move back to the states\n\nGood news is that I get full custody of the kids\n\nSo hows the Hubby and you doing?
 
 nothin much just being a mother and wife doing my and taking it day by day anyway how are you doing?
 
 how are you doing? Sorry kansas is getting cold. lol\n\nwhat have you been up to? been awhile..
 
 Ok
 
 thank you. I have been too busy here to get into any Tourney's
 
 and going almost three years with only one league and one tournament kinda blows. lol \n\nHope all is well
 
 \n\nPhillip
 
 As of right now
 
 we don't have anything scheduled for march.  but if we do i'll get back to you and let you know.
 
 Do you know if there are any Bowling Tourney's at Fort Leavenworth in March?\n\nI'm going to be back in Kansas for 2-3 weeks
 
 and was curious\n\nPhillip
 
 please stop ignoring nicki and to talk to her
 
 or at least tell her why your ignoring her
 
 A member of TSIC-Mildenhall. I use this account only for military connections. and it is always nice to put a face to the "who-is" on the screen. \n\nMy primary personal account is under the name of A. Phillip Johnson which has pictures. \n\nAnyways
 
 that is all it was. Facebook is better than Global. lol
 
 Who is this?
 
 Hope all is still going well
 
 Hope everything is going well for you and Ryon. I know you dislike me
 
 and I apologize for anything I may have said or done in the past. However
 
 I wish you two the best. 
 
 K? that is all I get
 
 K?\n\nK to which part of my message? lol
 
 K
 
 I hear you are wild enough. lol ;)\n\nand that is actually a very good thing to hear. \n\naside from my actually considering it if you had said yes. It speaks a great deal for your character.\n\nI think I like you... (in relation to you and Ry)\n\ntell Ry
 
 you get my approval lol see what he says.\n\nand... I probably would think very hard about the $1000 thing and probably do it. \n\n(that's horrible I know) but... at least you said no :D
 
 Not happening. Not that girl anymore. Maybe when I was younger and wilder
 
 soo
 
 no payment for a one-night-stand? :P lol
 
 Nope to my time it is priceless 
 
 I understand but if you like him
 
 try.. \n\nsooo
 
 $1
 
000. When and where hunny? ;)
 
 I hate having to tell.
 
 soo $1
 
000 sounds good then? (we'll set a date)\n\nand he needs to be told and you seem to be perfect for that
 
 Funny!\n\nAnd I am a crappy teacher because I lack patience.
 
 YOu are blunt
 
 truthful and speak your mind
 
 he needs to be taught
 
 not coddled. If that makes sense...\n\nhmmm 1
 
000$? if not
 
 give me a (realistic) number. lol (i will never tell)
 
 Nope not even.\n\nWhy am I good for him? I hear that a lot. With every guy that has troubles
 
 I hear that.. I worries me.
 
 so honest. I love it. :D\n\nyou sound good for him. you really do. \n\nYou can take the commentary from the friends
 
 and you dont sway "sex wise" very easily
 
 \n\nYou sound good for him.\n\n.....\n\nNot even for 500$? lol jk
 
 That won't happen
 
 lol.. how do I earn it? lol\n\none night I mean... how do I "earn" that? ;)
 
 oh i see. and no it has to be earned. (wink)
 
 it was asking if "time with you" could be bought? (hypothetically) \nand if so
 
 how much?\n\n(see
 
 told you it was horrible)
 
 oh ok. i dont offend easy.
 
 the last thing i want to do is actually piss you off. lol
 
 nevermind hun. It would just get me in trouble
 
 probably deeply offend you. and I was joking
 
 but it is in poor taste.
 
 What does that mean? about my worth
 
 You may not want to hear this then
 
 but I dont think that those 3 things will all happen for awhile. I dont see all of those being done until he is at least 26. \n\nas for basic training for him. I think he will struggle. (not physically
 
 but listening
 
 time management
 
 etc..)\n\nsooo (also a joke) how much are you worth?? ;) HAHA (completely joking)
 
 Yes
 
 I like Ryon. If he would grow up emotionally and be more assertive while workin gon prioritizing and time management
 
 he would be perfect for me.
 
 OK I see.\n\nAs far as being brutually honest with ryon i did. He says
 
 "I'll fix it." Not the first time I have heard that from him.
 
 Do you like him? \n\nIf so
 
 tell him to suck it up some. Lay it down thick
 
 hard
 
 and harsh because that is the only way to get it across.\n\n(oh just for the record.. I would sleep with you
 
 would love to... but... My online comments are primarily a stress releif from my current fucked up life.. so dont take anything of that nature too seriously.  and thank you for shoving my comments back in my face. It is nice to have pushback)  &lt;--seriously
 
 Well
 
 that I know all about. But shit
 
 I can't handle too much more fo this raw emotion thing.
 
 You never heard/hear any of this from me as it is my opinion . Deal?\n\nBut if you do like him
 
 it may help you out.\n\nFrom what I could tell
 
 the sensitivity comes from his adoptive dad being a dick
 
 mom being a bitch
 
 and his Biological dad being distant... If he finds someone that he can cling to or be sensitive around he will since he didn't really get the "love" he wanted
 
 or thought he needed. If that makes sense. \n\nWhat else? I am at work and bored for 4 more hours. lol
 
 why is he so sensitive?
 
 LMAO... well
 
 worth a try. haha\n\nanyways... any questions you have about Ryon?
 
 Nope still not happening.
 
 kindof joking :D :D
 
 girl
 
 He would go for that one. lol\n\nand I am tattooed. lol with blue eyes. and I have a couple months to finish that other portion.. What do you say? ;) lol
 
 tatooed
 
 muscular
 
 green or blue eyes
 
 Either another girl or a beefy guy
 
 once again. lol TMI... that particular "talent" never thought would be there. lol\n\n(Ryon.... I just dont see him taking cheating very well. ... ...) and... just dump him first..  its an old friend asking for him.. K?\n\nIf you keep talkign to me I might be able to shed some light on him for you... I talk more. .. ... HAHA :D\n\n\nand you never answered... \nand what is your sharing type? ;) ;)
 
 He kinda has to go now
 
 he is in contract. Believe me he will go. he sees me slipping away because of his forgetfulness
 
 at times
 
 sparatic thinking ( I can't depend on him). He is really frustrating with that. And i think I am around cause everytime things get bad
 
 he works his magic in bed and here I am still.
 
 What is that dump him before i cheat thing about? Please give me history. he is very bad at giving specifics that bother him. Definitely needs to work on commmunicating.
 
 He has a tendency to not follow through
 
 and since he signed papers
 
 it kinda made me worry....\n\nand what is your sharing type? ;)  (dont worry
 
 not telling him. BUt do me a favor
 
 Dump him before you cheat) &lt;--please\n\n*not saying you will
 
 just a favor I am asking*\n\nHe is forgetful becuase very few things spark his interest
 
 we are very alike
 
 I just also happen to be a work-o-holic\n\nand he is lazy because it is easier. Honestly
 
 he may have changed more than you know
 
 him being as fit as he is 
 
 its actually astonishing.. ask the friends. he was basically completely lazy...
 
 What tendency?\n\nAnd yes with the sharing. But no offense but your are not the type I would share with.\n\nI am seeing that. And I do not like his mom. She is crazy stalker.\nWhy is he so forgetful
 
 and why is he so lazy?
 
 this may sound odd. but..... Make sure he goes. (he has a tendency...)\n\nand that no sharing thing sounded slightly like you would be up for it
 
 if he was.... \n\n\nhmm... not trying to offend you or suggest anything... but... (hypothetically?)\n\nanyways. just take care of him. I did through school 
 
 just ask Jen and Tracy. He is forgetful
 
 smarter than he knows
 
 and lazy
 
 and I forced him to go to numerous band concerts and pep band games. lol
 
 Lazy
 
 yeah...bout that
 
 he is at times. More sloppy than anything.\n\nNo sharing here. You know he is the jealous type.\n\nAnd no he doesn't use roids. He often forgets to eat
 
 let alone take some typr of supplement.\n\nHe leaves at the end of jan for basic.
 
 ok TMI. and he is smart. just dont let him be lazy
 
 K?\n\n(who knows
 
 maybe I'll convince Ry to share. ) LMFAO... joking... \n\nrandom question. He ever do steroids? (just curious)\n\nand when does he go to boot camp? or has he already gone?
 
 He is fun
 
 caring
 
 and smart! But mostly the body helps:)
 
 He rocks in bed
 
 lol
 
 I email occasionally
 
 but even though we have been friends a very long time. I can only take the initiative soo much before it's just time to wait and see how much the friendship actually means. lol\n\nSoooooo What exactly did/do you like about Ry?
 
 You should call Ryon and ask him how he is doing.\n\nAnd he doesn't jump for me despite what others say.
 
 well that is good to hear
 
 Pushovers are kindof hard to watch. lol\n\nHow is Ryon coming along? Life wise?\n\nExperience wise
 
 I kindof have them beat. and I worry about friends. \n\nand maybe if you wanted to sleep next to him
 
 you would make him jump. (just a little bit) ;)
 
 No
 
 that is not true. if it were
 
 he would have been gone awhile ago. I hate pushovers in relationships. As friends
 
 that type doesn't bother me but not as a man.\n\nAs far as what other say
 
 it may be because Ryon tries so hard to please me and doesn't want to lose me. He does spend a lot of time with me. But we talked and he is trying to spend more time with friends again. He has been helping a lot with the house. Plus
 
 he only works about 20 hrs a week
 
 if that. So
 
 he has things to do around the house as I do not have the time he does. I am working and going to school. \n\nAnd if he jumped for me
 
 he wouldn't go out til the middle of the night and come back while I am fast asleep.
 
 Nothing. lol \n\nI just heard from a couple different people that you have Ryon wrapped around your little finger. lol\n\nAnd that seems like a good thing for him. lol\n\nFrom what I have heard if you say jump
 
 he'll jump.... is that true?\n\nDont worry I wont tell him. He hasn't written me in months
 
 Besides
 
 he can't help that he is hung like a horse and rocks in the bed. But I would prefer for he to boss me around and tell me what is up...\n\nAs far as Brenton
 
 it is not a matter of growing up. He has to stop letting people stomp all over him. And Kathy needs to realize that he is exactly what she has been looking for. But only problem is Brenton is young and can't deal with the kids.
 
 what do you mean? What have you heard?
 
 I was joking aobut your sister. If Brenton grows up then he should grab ahold of her..\n\nand I said odd flirting in reference to myself. lol (for the record)\n\nSo
 
 you an ryon huh? never thought he would get a woman
 
 honestly. but ... from what I have heard
 
 you kinda got him. \n\nsoo. you wear the pants in the relationship? how's that work? HAHAHA
 
 I am not going to say anything. I love my nieces and nephew and only care about them. They don't need guys moving in and out of their lives anymore than Kathy already has.\n\nAnd for the record
 
 I am not flirting nor attempting to do so.
 
 wow. lol thats a little cruel..\n\nSoo.. you think I just use women?? lol \n\nNot my style
 
 My wife is leaving because she doesnt want to grow up fast enough and just wants to be 20 and single. well
 
 more power to her\n\n\nI do like that you are secure enough with yourself to banter back and forth with me. \n\nThe odd flirting really does help make things a little better
 
 and to have someone that will shut me down
 
 that actually helps too. lol\n\n(its a compliment)\n\n-----so... ;) ----\n\nyou think I could get your sister? HA :P
 
 Sorry not happening. Try hitting on my sister. She is a sucker
 
 lol.
 
 ohhh... boohooo.... :( Wahhhahhh...\n\n\nnope not sensitive. lol \n\nMaybe I'll just keep hitting on you and might possibly change your type. HAHA\n\nor... just show you a really really good night? ;)\n\nlol
 
 I don't care. You are not my type though.\n\nAnd they are ok. \n\nDon't be sensitive now.
 
 ok
 
 .. lol\n\nthen I have anohter question.. well 2 of them\n\nDo you like me hitting on you.? lol\n\nand...... did you like the pictures? lol
 
 Not really
 
 happens all the time.\n\nAnd yes.
 
 Oh so you dont care that I might have been hitting on you? lol\n\nHave you even looked through my pictures on my main site?
 
 Ryon doesn't read my emails and honestly don't care if he is mad. He'll learn to get over it.\n\nCongrats on the divorce. I was glad when my was over earlier this year. But kids
 
 not my thing. Don't have any.\n\nSchool and house projects.
 
 I am very glad you dont mind but I am pretty sure that Ryon would. \n\nDon't want to piss him off
 
 and I have a bad habit of being very flirtacious online. Especially since I am in the process of a divorce. (good news is that I am getting both of my kids with not fight- full custody)  \n\nVery very bad habit of flirting... just so you know.\n\nso
 
 why have you been busy?
 
 I don't mind.\n\nBusy a lot.
 
 just ok?\n\n(maybe I did say that sexy woman comment.) lol ;) jk\n\nSo how have you been hun?
 
 ok
 
 ouch
 
 pansy.... lol\n\nbluntly honest women are sexy... (didn't say that. lol ;) )\n\nanyways. .. ...\n\nHow are you and Ryon doing?
 
 nope a friend...he asked my opinion and I told him and he walked off cause I hurt his feelings...
 
 just wonderin. HOw are you hun?
 
 ok its a yes... when do you plan on being here?
 
 thats a yes :P you want to be on top of me
 
 even if you stay married. :P\n\nbut I will have to see if I have a car.. :P
 
 maybe ;)
 
 at a hotel room ;)
 
 i thought about what you said last night and yes it would be great but i cant leave him to have a night with you.... we are always at the house... you could come to independence and we could have lunch together....
 
 Thanks
 
 Happy birthday girly
 
 :p
 
 Ideas?
 
 Thoughts on what for how much?
 
 
 
 And ideas on $$ stuff?
 
 Take one now ;) assuming youre on a phone and wifi
 
 No on the physical as for the belly pic its complicated cuz all my shit is packed
 
 And.. If sonehow i show up in Montana (doubtful) but can i buy physical? Lol ;)
 
 Belly pic?\n\nAnd ideas?
 
 Well what?
 
 Well... :p
 
 :p
 
 Send me a belly pic i wanna see ;)
 
 If somehow i show up i. Montana ill buy that lol ;)
 
 It would lol
 
 Yeah whatev lol
 
 Prego? That would make the physical price go up lol ;)
 
 Yeah not to mention i dont really do that while prego or in this relationship 
 
 Montanas a lil too far away for physical lmao
 
 Lol idk its hard to think right now
 
 I asked you thoughts ;p
 
 How much and what would you want
 
 Thoughts?
 
 U know me. Im not made of money but i like my 'helping' lol
 
 Idk really. For rent and shit we need like 2K for a hotel for a couple weeks we may be able to find a weekly stay for like $500 or so. I havent finished looking thougg cuz we just got done unloading the uhaul into a storage unit
 
 How much you talkin about?
 
 Well we thought we would have enough money but then my school money got delayed and then we had unexpected expenses and now we have no money for a hotel or for a deposit and first month rent or anything really. We have no place to stay yet either so we are winging it for now.
 
 :p
 
 Details on the first part? \nCongrats on the other two..
 
 And life is ok. We are figuring things out as we go
 
 Love is great though we are both extremely happy with each other
 
 Well im broke as hell and desperately need money because we just moved to Montana
 
 Hows Life love finances? All that fun shit..
 
 Whatever it was. I didnt do it
 
 Bleh
 
 :p
 
 and I'm waiting to hear back on a Government Contract for programing for the F-35s. WOOT!  fingers crossed
 
 I have the job
 
 just waiting to see if the company gets awarded the contract
 
 I will be majoring in Music Education
 
 Vocal Performance
 
 and Information
 
 Science and Technology with a minor in Business Admin
 
 and Computer Science. With a possible third major of Sustanable Eco building
 
 what are you majoring in
 
 That's good. I need 3 more classes for my CCAF and then I'm going for my masters
 
 sounds fun. lol  I'm a full time college student getting ready to switch to a triple major with a double or triple minor. lol
 
 Good. About to deploy
 
 hows life
 
 love and everything else
 
 They went to visit their mom for the first tine in years and she's not giving then back
 
 so in trying to fight for them
 
 can you share the link on my page please?
 
 Nope don't think so
 
 Did you ever meet my kids?
 
 Lol sure
 
 Haha you can try. And even if you beat me you wouldn't be able to beat my bf. :)
 
 Aside from me beating you at bowling lol
 
 Lol
 
 So what are we doing if i swing through town hun?
 
 :p
 
 Haha you should have known better
 
 Fun fun
 
 Darn on the bf though ;)
 
 My boyfriend bowls and he has a tournament on Sunday
 
 Well I had to stop for a while obviously but I'm getting back into it. Just got a new ball
 
 i got out in July
 
 getting ready too start school and waiting on resumes to go through
 
  how's bowling
 
 What are you up to lately
 
 Well quite a ways north but closer than most :)
 
 Right next to me
 
 I'm inn Tucson
 
 Besides the surgery? Just settling in at my first base :)
 
 been awhile
 
 So what have you been up to?
 
 How are you
 
 Hey :)
 
 smile
 
 Kk
 
 Really good. About to go in for eye surgery though so I'm not really supposed to be on my phone. Message me in a few days
 
 Been a bit
 
 how's military life hun
 
 Hey girly 
 
 been a year now hasn't it. lol hows England?
 
 I was just going to make sure Chris got the European Command message about not wearing Uniforms off-base at all...\nNot even driving to work. (at least that is what my command sent down
 
 I'm about 98% sure his is the same directives)
 
 just got home; what's up?
 
 Let me know when you get back online..
 
 Ok hun
 
 Hit me up when you get home again
 
 Mwah luv ya :P
 
 eh ok. things are kind of rough in a few areas
 
 but maybe looking up? not sure hahaha I just got home from work; easy night
 
 but long; I'm training a new girl so everything takes longer
 
 haha
 
 I was bored
 
 and going through the site. lol\n\nHow's everything going?
 
 I love mine and wouldn't trade it for a used one =P mine has open holes and a gold lip and Bb foot so I don't need anything else; thanks though
 
 http://lakenheathyardsales.com/item19598784.html?itemId=19598784&amp;src=SEARCH
 
 So you do not have anything to worry about. You have a very loving friend in me. I promise.
 
 hey I can't go running tomorrow. probably can't start til next week at the earliest. sorry =P
 
 kisses you on the neck \nsee you in a bit \nwill try to not let go \nnow blush
 
 embrace the butterflies
 
 and go to work my sexy little beauty :) \nMwah
 
 why are you hyper? hahaha
 
 he he he well up I'm up a little early but it says your offline; hopefully I get to talk to you before I have to get ready for work
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1117677905515&amp;set=a.1117675145446.2020181.1334016240&amp;pid=30360059&amp;id=1334016240\n\nTotally wanna see more now ;)\n\ndead sexy\n\nP.S. lets see if I can fill your inbox out of boredom :D
 
 bored
 
 a little hyper
 
 lol\nmissing you
 
 and can't wait till 5:15am when you will be waking up. :)\n\nMwah (a couple times
 
.... in a couple places ;) )\n\nPhillip
 
 thinking of you. and smiling. \n\nI wish two things
 
 \n1. I was staying longer (and that is a big thing
 
 becuase I have been trying to leave England since 2009)\n2. I wish we had had an alone minute today
 
 because I would have kissed you. :D
 
 i do want to kiss you
 
 a lot
 
 more then once. :)\n\nand I would love to learn as much about you as I can.\n\nand I can't wait for that car ride ;)
 
 cell: 0777 133 2099\n=)
 
 or what is your favorite fooD?
 
 Allen I missed you at the track today.  We'll talk more about it Friday: Track at 1000.
 
 Allen
 
 I talked to your shift supervisor.  We worked it out that you'll be PTing on M-W-F @ 1000-1100ish for a 1 hr workout and then shower and dressed for work.  Also
 
 like we talked about yesterday
 
 on Tues and Thur you'll be biking on your own for at least 30 minutes at the prescribed levels.  So be sure to bring your wourkout clothes everyday your working.
 
 I might be a couple minutes late
 
 as I have to pick my Nanny up from Brandon
 
 its her fathers birthday. I will let her know I need to pick her up early when I get home today.
 
 Allen
 
 can you meet me at the track at 1600 today (Wednesday).
 
 Ok.  Is there any way that we can Mock tomorrow? I am attempting to get a Chief retest as soon as possible. I know that getting a go-ahead from you to retest with him
 
 doesnt' stop my sessions with you
 
 but it might give the Chief a reason to approve an early retest date so I can get out of England early. \n\nOh. BTW
 
 I ran a 13:11 last night at work.. \n\nLet me know if you need anything else from me. \n\nSrA Johnson
 
 Allen P.\n\nP.S. Have you had a chance to do the graph stuff.?
 
 Allen
 
 with all that's going on tomorrow with Wingmen day
 
 I'm going to be about 5-10 minutes late to the track.
 
 U r fine she needs to step
 
 I only saw the 1 response from her about waking up this morning. To a wall full of posts from them.. I stay out of it. I was just telling those two to deal with their shot
 
 I get your response ti the boys but angie better back the fuck off..The boys are fine now have worked through it
 
 Wasn't in paper
 
 
 
 Will do
 
 Send hugs from us
 
 Fun fun.......I'm sure all the kids enjoyed the day
 
 They are eating cake . this was the first time nikki side could all get together. They went swimming
 
 Awwwww did they have fun
 
 Were doing the twins bday party today. Just did \U000fe511
 
 And he got to see family first .
 
 That's what we thought too
 
 At least it was peacefully.
 
 We saw him thursday..He was tired and 659 am this morn he passed pea ecully
 
 Oh.. I'm sorry :(
 
 Uncle Don passed this morning
 
 Thanx......hugs to all...catch up soon
 
 7962 e 2nd st Tucson as 85710
 
 Need your mailing address for bill for reference please
 
 Kk
 
 Austin said for you to call him
 
 \U0001f496
 
 You're fine..totally get stress.....chill ax for a bit
 
 Humidity is making me tired
 
 No I'm just tired and juggling tons of stuff
 
 
 
 Thought ypu were upset worth me. .... good to see the kiddos too. ..
 
 No problems :)
 
 Thank ypu for stopping by
 
 Coolio
 
 Texted him
 
 Call him...I sent him your phone number too
 
 3104 s 14 st
 
 Addtrss?
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 Sadie and Usain may still be here
 
 Ok
 
 \U0001f496\U0001f496
 
 Okie dokie..just let me know when u on way
 
 We'll swing by tomorrow
 
 No plans....
 
 Made it in town. Pick up the kids tomorrow morning. What do you guys have planned tomorrow
 
 I think so
 
 I think hers are not paying fines
 
 Just know she said she had warrants
 
 Again? Thought she was down to 1
 
 She has warrants
 
 He is looking at time now with contempt and fat and the original charges
 
 He keeps it up imma have tif escort him to court
 
 Unless he went yesterday he Haas another warrant
 
 They put up bail for him
 
 Not sure
 
 So they were upset with me
 
 Dodnt they get it down to misdemeanor charges.?  Just freaking go
 
 ?
 
 From what they said..He didn't show up
 
 Then they set new court date....
 
 That's dumb
 
 He missed court then was picked up on warrant
 
 Geeze that's slow
 
 Remember the drug arrest
 
 Why's Austin in court now?
 
 They were here yesterday looking for austin for court...they don't talk to us or contact us unless looking for austin
 
 Have you heard from grandma recently? I haven't heard from her in months
 
 Ya. Why? I've just been trying to get done withschool.
 
 Ok..listen...If you were mad at me or upset with me about something..you would tell me right?
 
 
 
 no sunday so that does work haha. they do the churchy thing on sunday or whatever
 
 Bill works on Sundays so perfect.....
 
 her number is 913-547-3440  to set up a visit
 
 she just said no sundays
 
 That's cool.....Our home number for Mariska is 913 250 5291.....would still like to see ya if there's time
 
 I dont know how long I'll be in town when I swing through to get them. I will liekly have tofly in and out. Marissa said she will try to set up visits this summer. more info to come
 
 Hey Bill is off 9 tues and weds ...... so yup we would like to be able to see you and the kiddos.....
 
 Found several trails of big ants outside ...The outside faucet has a small leak and a small puddle all the time
 
 There were thousands of them when I opened door
 
 I sent pics to landlord but I am just trying to keep them from flying all over ins8de
 
 The ones without wings are slender
 
 
 
 Soap irritates amd cinnamon messes with receptors. Basically non toxic ant deterrant
 
 
 
 I'd spray soap/cinnamon water over the door wall and walkways
 
 
 
  How do I get them outta here
 
 Do I need to call the landlord
 
 Probably a colony in yours or a neighbors yard
 
 But that looks more like soldier ants when expanding
 
 Because some contractor leave the wood placement boards for the concrete laying
 
 
 
 Metal frame
 
 2 on cement
 
 Is it wood based or comcrete for support layout
 
 And ceramic tiles
 
 It's metal and the are com8ng out from beneath the metal fram
 
 Then likely soldier ants expanding a colony
 
 Termites have straight antennas ants bent..Our front door is covered in a swarm
 
 Soldier ant or carpenter. Possible as a termite but cant tell the look different here
 
 What is this?
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 Oh im sorry....  Candy candy candy candy fixes all
 
 At childrens with sadie...Low blood sugar
 
 I love my children
 
 I love you and austin ...I don't know what I did to you guys...Allen is dragging me through court....I can't afford an attorney...The facts are wrong...I am seeing a neuro at KU hospital...I am losing my sight....I don't know what everyone wants from me anymore..I live my children..I protect them...I can't fix my health issues ever. . I also can't make money appear I don't have....sorry for the rant...love you all
 
 And she is out
 
 
 
 
 
 3104 south 14 street leavenworth ks
 
 What yo address woman
 
 U could meet us at mcdonalds in leav sometime...
 
 Would like to see you guys..but wont go out to moms
 
 Huh..oookkkkkk
 
 No reason..... Lol
 
 9136809703
 
 Why the babies in a hotel?
 
 Hugs..hope everyone is well
 
 3104 s 14th leavenworth ks....our new address
 
 Hey..called Austin attorney..hired Cass fort custody is today....hoping we can uphold Austin side and get visits with Sadie on a reg basis
 
 
 
 Love you too.   Tine he grows up and nothing we can do
 
 Heading to bed.....love you
 
 I know
 
 He was warned
 
 Sad
 
 Nope. Nonone can.   This one is on him.   You cant fix no bail
 
 I cant fix this
 
 Omg was supposed to go to court on thurs for custody
 
 Austin got arrested. No bail
 
 Whats up?
 
 Lk
 
 Sent it to him
 
 Dont have his number..mine is 9136809703
 
 Guess not.  Whenever you get this you need to call dad. He deleted your number when he thought he was going to have too get a new phone. He needsnto talkbto you about austin. Relatively urgent....
 
 Awake?
 
 Hey. Delete you last share. That link was broken.  New one up now :)\n\nLove you
 
 Tooo talllll
 
 
 
 Love you too. Of to school
 
 Love you
 
 Kk. Mwah GL
 
 Had to get protection order against neighbor..then he nearly hit nick with his car.   ...with bill working nights and my health..gottago
 
 Whats up?
 
 My cell is 913-680-9703..moving to gmas with fam..have to get outta here..doing this without people here knowing until gone
 
 Ok
 
 Pass my youtube through your friends with kids like 10+  I'm going to keep it pg13 rated
 
 
 
 I know. I always worry about everything though
 
 and I don't really have the time to slow down to enjoy it. Just got to work. and have to get ready fro 3 midterms this week
 
 a faculty meeting and a math placement exam. haha
 
 Hey hey hey.....happy dance for you....seruious babe...its a big win
 
 Thanks :)
 
 Congrats....take the good news hon..one step at a time
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk. Mwah . night
 
 Love you..check in with me every so often...kisses to all.. here if yaa need to or want to chat..  night
 
 U should...I need to head to sleep soon
 
 I dont sleep lol
 
 Hope things get better..hope u get some sleep soon too
 
 Long couple of days
 
 Odd.....that's why I asked if u ok
 
 Ya?
 
 Been up over 24 hours. Closer to 36 at this point
 
 Got a txt from nikki
 
 Sounds fun
 
 Waiting kn car to finish getting fixed then back to work
 
 Ok..just put sis to bed..thought I'd say hi..heading to bed.....talk to you soon
 
 Just another day
 
 U okay?
 
 Love you too
 
 Love you
 
 You okay?
 
 Already messaged dad. Hes gonna 'talk' to her
 
 Will tell austin
 
 Message dad
 
 He is an ass
 
 Ya
 
 Told her to deal with him
 
 The kids said he kept screaming at them
 
 Fun
 
 Ego kids ended up at my house because josh is so mad Tiffany went on break and brought him to my house the other day
 
 Figured they would try
 
 They are trying to takee kylyee from tiff
 
 
 
 
 
 9136690172
 
 Send me your phone number 
 
 Kk
 
 Will you ask gma to send me the picks she took when we were all out there?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Done
 
 So... U should plug in my ecig lol
 
 Kk.....they are watching papa play v game
 
 Sure
 
 Want the kids to have an applesauce?
 
 
 
 Kk.  
 
 I am running to the store..aldis...bringing your kids..ok?
 
 
 
 Coming here?
 
 Heading tip you
 
 
 
 
 
 K. At movies now
 
 Dad wants to get together with you sometime tomorrow..get in touch with him when u can
 
 Colville 91325 05271 he wanted to talk to you about something
 
 
 
 Heading there now with lil sis
 
 Ys
 
 Want us to bring your clothes? Is this pink e cig thiny yours..the cord too..?
 
 Heading to yours too pick up my ecig \U0001f50b
 
 Love tou
 
 We will be up tomorrow.....
 
 Your two and three of mine at gmas now
 
 Nick will keep them in line..lol
 
 Ok
 
 Gma is coming to get yours and two of mine..then tomorrow we are coming out with tiffs
 
 If they want
 
 She can
 
 I d k
 
 Gma asked if you want her to come get your kids..or if you want them to stay here.....
 
 Just keep us informed please...I feel your confusion...lol
 
 Idk i dont know whats going on atm
 
 Lol
 
 Just asking
 
 Ok I need to know.are the kids staying for dinner..the night
 
 Ok
 
 K we are just trying to plan......may try and figure how to get all of us and tiffs to gmas tomorrow
 
 Nice
 
 Gmas jusst asked fffor our pulled pork recipe
 
 K
 
 K. Not sure when imma go
 
 Plz take nick with u to gmas when u go back oit
 
 Do u know when you are coming back?  Tiffs kida just got here
 
 Okey dokey
 
 Thank u for getting those for me
 
 Just call so we can unlock door..tommy said he would be up late...913-250-5271..be safe
 
 Lol.   Tell them i love them. I might be in later. Not sure.    Busy day to.orrow
 
 All sleeping downstairs..urs and tommy..they saved the couch for you
 
 
 
 
 
 He is using diaper for lining...adam wanted to let you know he loved you
 
 Idk.   Did u have enough for Tommy tonight?
 
 K..r u coming back tonight? 
 
 Hanging out at brandons.   
 
 Kk
 
 Ok...adam is eating pbj and saundra bologna
 
 Not really
 
 Do the kids have an allergies to food?
 
 I appriciate it ...don't let bill know...please..I mean he knows about tommy.but money crap iss hard
 
 I should be able to stop at some point tonight
 
 If you could could you pick me up a pack of size 4-5 pullups for Tommy. ...I am tappes beyond and at walmart only 8 dollars...
 
 Will u bring clothes for the kids?
 
 Ok no prob
 
 Becaise he was in car and minor
 
 Geico contacted me..why?  They asked me to verify that nick was not hurt..I di dnt rhink so so I said he wasn't
 
 Kk were fine
 
 Have not told dad what happened...just a heads up..no posting...hope you are alright
 
 
 
 Im bringing them over at least twice on the weekend :p
 
 Wanna see the grands b fore u leave so bill can get his squishies
 
 :p
 
 
 
 I am :p
 
 Come down and visit plz
 
 And don't text while driving !!!!!!
 
 Aight we'll see you when you get here
 
 be safe 
 
 6 miles down... 1294 left lol
 
 *safe
 
 Keep in touch and be aafe
 
 Fun fun
 
 Just our air compressor on ac blew...so we are all staying herw til prob mon or tues
 
 Everything hunky dory?
 
 
 
 Fun fun fun
 
 Nick...william...tommy..bill and I
 
 Duh.  So is everyone at grandma's
 
 Be careful...and duh.... wanna see u
 
 Just woke up.  Gobtp work in 4 hours and leave tomorrow lol
 
 Hey what's up?
 
 Waiting on the background check
 
 Fun fun good luck
 
 Yup...bill is starting custodial on post..finger crossed...but it gets his foot in the door
 
 Lol.  Ya.  Now to get my degree get a job somewhere close to what my credentials are worth lol
 
 At least you got caught up..baby steps
 
 I saw.   And they went out to gmas twice.   Shes being stupid nice lol.   Gotta look good for court i guess. Hahah\n.   oh.. We got caught up on the mortgage.  But owe sooo amny people. Sooo much mo ey now
 
 
 
 Uh.. Duh
 
 Wanna see u when u are here
 
 
 
 Night night love u too.  Have fun i got work to.orrow night
 
 Love you kiddo...goodnight
 
 Lol
 
 Lol.    Idiot.   You stash. The 'stash'    dumbass
 
 Drugs..large amt..from. what we have heard
 
 About sameheight as you
 
 Why was he in jail the. Lol
 
 Slow
 
 He's like my height and fat
 
 His pic made bim look like 6ft 350lbs lol
 
 She's married to him..he ain't that big
 
 Why does she gotta date big dudes ..  Hes huuuge lol
 
 Heading to bed..loves u much
 
 She is now low key and quiet..worried
 
 
 
 Fun fun. Sounds like all of tiffs bfs
 
 Tiffs new hubby...ugggg keep tabs on your sis dude..she needs support...josh and her got into a fight..he broke her phone...  
 
 
 
 Okie dokie
 
 They are shared pictures. Not written posts. The cant really do amything about thatvof he doesnt tag her or mention her in the ho type ones
 
 He has some about rolling joints..one about ho in the hood..
 
 I don't see a pot post.  Are you talking about the stupid fake anti tattoo. Post that Parke and i reemed for?
 
 Please have a chat with austin about the importance of his posts right now..that shit can be pulled into court..every once in a while she gets smart...these pot posts may end up kicking him in the ass
 
 Lol. Dont know how lol. = 17. Haha
 
 ?
 
 17
 
 DOING
 
 Lol
 
 Love you and u are soing a great job
 
 
 
 Yup i know the feeling
 
 He is stressed..but sis has missed him
 
 pulling up his pants
 
 grumpy pants.
 
 
 
 :P :P :P :P lol
 
 
 
 :P
 
 I've almost come to the point of applying for a Medical card down here. or going to a psychiatrist. lol
 
 I pick them up on the 24th.
 
 Trying to make sure of the date she has the kids because I need to reschwdule nicks appt
 
 Lol
 
 Apparently whenever I make it to town it designates a city wide warning haha
 
 and I guess from comments. Kyle and Brandon are claiming a drinking night. lmao
 
 i leave in like 13 ish days.
 
 Ooo shush
 
 When thwy are thwrw
 
 you're talking in kid talk gma
 
 grt gma? lol
 
 We are going out to grt gma demoss to see your kids dude
 
 ?
 
 We are all coming out to see u at grt gma
 
 
 
 
 
 Fun fun good luck
 
 Love u.....getting my stuff together for the attorney tonet
 
 Lol
 
 She was just dumb though I court lol
 
 Fun tines.   Marissa wasnt dumb enough to rant
 
 Got that from a friend...she is now blocked
 
 Well you have it lol :p
 
 
 
 So whatever the rant was i cant see it
 
 She unfriended me
 
 
 
 She just q ent on a rant...taking that one
 
 I havent seen anything derogatoru
 
 Screen shot me anything from savanahs facebook..for austins attorney..I meet with him  tomorrow
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 Uuu well john don't fuck with me any more... Sit down watch TV and uses yes and yes and thank you
 
 Fun fun.  How are the hellion........  Cough.... Sweeties? Lol
 
 Thank you...same to nikki....hope u are well..we are watching tiffs kids
 
 Happppy mothers day
 
 Allen Phillip missed a call from Kim.
 
 Kk
 
 thank you.... nick in back brace.. catch u up soon
 
 Happy belated birthday love you. It's been hectic here' hope everything is going ok there. Did you have a good birthday? How'd Nicholas doing?everyone else etc etc etc
 
 ya
 
 Tell him to stop jumping off cliffs
 
 Grrargh
 
 nick has 2 fractures in his spine
 
 and now has cysts in his hand.... fitting for a spinal brace then seeing a hand surgon
 
 love it....
 
 Waiting for class to start
 
 
 
 tried to call u....
 
 K
 
 called mom todoay kinda filled her in
 
 she has not heard from marissa yet
 
 and i ma meeting with allen at four tomorrow evening
 
 Ok
 
 let me know when you get the information about picing up the kiddos so I can make plans
 
 U can call. I'm just paying bills
 
 is it too lat e to call u or are you busy?
 
 Night
 
 glad to hear you had a lot of support with you and for you and Nikki... and hoping the kids are allowed to come home in time for the holidays.... we are heading off to bed
 
 but wnted to check with you and send hugs. we love you
 
 At least not until the divorce preceding
 
 I am hoping and praying....do you have to go to court again?
 
 No but Marissa showed up in person
 
 keeping you guys in our prayers... did they have to talk to the kids as part of this?
 
 I hope it did
 
we feel good but the judge took it to quarters sop wedon't know the outcome yet
 
 hope today went well... messages not working well
 
 Not really
 
 you okay?
 
 k
 
 Nikki had the basics of what happened
 
 Heading to work now
 
 if I dont hear fromo you I will try and call around 4 ish our time
 
 Keep us informed....
 
 love u too 
 
 inour prayers
 
 will call later
 
 I appear before a judge today to see if he approves the custody order.  Love ya gtg
 
 Any news?
 
 guys
 
 love you guyd
 
 we are ho ping to send you some money this week later
 
 its going to you personally to help with gas
 
 or a bill or what ever you need
 
 i understand...  you need to take care of what you need to take care of right now.... will help anyway I can when I can... still spreading the site about the kids
 
 I never said you did
 
 he wanted someone to vent to but I'm too busy to deal with anyone elses shit right now  
 
 i need to find like 4k
 
 sorry
 
 few days or so
 
 thank you for your posting
 
 sorry
 
 but i did not bash him or her online.... anyways
 
 hope you are doing well.. i talked to nikki earlier
 
 wil call again in a few
 
 love you
 
 will do as soon as we can.....
 
 I'm collecting written notarized statements from everyone that has known or seen that the kids have been with me for the last for years with sporadic or no interaction from her
 
 so Mrissa will use the fact that you are 'still' married to try and make her point... make sure you have dotted your i's and crossed your t's... need us to make statements just let us know..
 
 cool
 
 we will get it worked out
 
 Ok they don't cone back til the middle of July
 
 bill works mon thru thurs
 
 so we are limited.. will have to be a fri or sat
 
 Grandma has Saturday off and said she might try to get them on Saturday when i texted her Marissa s number so play nice :p
 
 Kk  take lots of pictures
 
 we can go pick the kiddows up
 
 Probably
 
 Idk
 
 she doesn't have a car though
 
 coolio... well as before
 
 will call Marissa tomorrw
 
 sadie is here tonight and until thursday
 
 would like to maybe see the kids on sat if possible.... didnt plan on sadie being here this week
 
 just took herhome on saturday
 
 but... do u think she will be okay with Saturday
 
 I think at least Adam will and Saundra will go with it
 
 she remembered Grandma when they came down
 
 do you think the kids would be okay meeting with us? Think they will remember? I am hoping that she can just meet us at the park or something.. I will call her tomorrow early afternoon....
 
 9135473440 is Marissa s number\n\nshe said to call top set up a tine to go get the kiddos in the next couple days
 
 913 250 5271....
 
 Kk what's your number to give her?
 
 if marissa calls us
 
 she needs to leave a mesage so I know it was her that called... would like to see the kidswhile they are here if possible... had a funeral this week and bill had a training for the start of summer school today... miss you and love you
 
 Kk lol :)
 
 He asked for your number..... hopoing you 2 will start chatting like brothers anagain
 
 Kk everyone s ok
 
 ya..... so if you wanted to chat with him
 
 let me know
 
 I will have him call u...
 
 Fun
 
 heading out to pick up austin adn sadie to spend the day here....
 
 Sorry... how long with they be gone?
 
 hey
 
 will have to reschedule skype.... nick not feeling well
 
 neither am i.... but okay to call u tomorrow?  how is everyone doing?
 
 What's up
 
 k
 
 Same computer lol
 
 and i haven't used Skype my Skype in years
 
 okay
 
 i only have nikkis skype name
 
 k
 
 Adams still sleeping from nap
 
 I'll message you when he gets up and we can sSkype
 
 fun fun
 
 Da sky
 
 hey wuts up?
 
 Kk I'll talk to Nikki
 
 pick a time that is good so we can call.... Sadie will go home on Thursday night so she can go outta town for the weekend but we iwll be here with the boys....
 
 Ill be hone Saturday what time ish?\n\nLove and miss you guys\n\nThey changed my coupon policies to hell here
 
 hey kiddo
 
 hope you are well... miss u guys lots... will you be home this weekend?
 
 let us know if you all will be in town anytime
 
 would love to see you and kids ifu do... whole house is down right now sick.. hope all is well there.... take care and kiss the babies for me.. Love you
 
 how cool..
 
 
 
91 Nissan Sentra
 
 yea.... what kind?  love you... snow storm coming in here soon
 
 I bought another car
 
  guess what kind
 
 Hola
 
 sorry.... hugs
 
 Ya.. Our ex gf showed up at peter piper with her kids and i couldn't say hi
 
 r u okay?
 
 suure
 
 Are you home today? Can I give you a call really quick
 
 havent talked to you in a while dude\n
 
 now what 
 
 what?\n
 
 now what?
 
 CRAZY
 
 I dont know too much about Good Will stores or the coorporation
 
 but that is uncool
 
 http://www.upworthy.com/words-like-good-and-will-dont-belong-together-if-this-is-the-kind-of-thing-they-do-5
 
 okay
 
 what goodwill story?\n
 
 :P 
 
 u
 
 Is that to Tommy or me?\n
 
 you see the goodwill story?
 
 
 
 hi bro whats up this is tommy
 
 
 
 okay\n
 
 Hey buddy whats up
 
 in sleeping now
 
 but i think Mom is gonna Skype later today
 
 hi this is tommy    sup
 
 might give a call tomorrow..... miss talking with you dude..... sent you a picture of austin
 
 savannah and sadie.... take care of yourself... the two older boys are going to KU on saturday for band day
 
 they are so excited...give kisses and hugs to everyone for us... love you kiddo
 
 heading to be
 
 you know
 
 cuz I am old...LOL
 
 I deliver papers from midnight till 6am 
 
 and work at 5pm lol  so...  kids will bee in school. Unless you wanted to call Nikki for Skype
 
 he doesnt have a way to get online..I get in touch with him through Savannah.... hope you are doing good... is there a time that would be good to call u tomorrow ?\n
 
 Idk he's not online that much
 
 Austin said he and Savahna took the baby out to see them
 
 they had been asking and asking
 
 and as soon as they got there
 
 they said
 
 oh thought you came out because you needed money and asked austin to hand wash the outside of the house... all he wanted to do was let them see the baby.... so he was upset...
 
 Idk something happened yesterday and she couldn't get help. That's all i know
 
 what is going on with grandma.......
 
 we will be gone from 6-9 pm tonight...... if I dont hear from you tonight
 
 I will get online tomorrow and see about calling you......
 
 We are all doing good
 
 I'll try to call you tomorrow
 
 how r u all doin? havent heard from you in forever
 
 and never sure of when to call you..... so update me love
 
 depends on what day of the week it is...\n
 
 So Austin I'd talking to people again?
 
 sending you a quick message of we love and miss all of you
 
 we have skype now
 
 so would love to chat with you soon.. just let us know when.. hugs.. Nick spend the night with Austin last night
 
 hi 
 
 cool... at least she will be able to stay with her kiddos....off to the school... love you and miss you
 
 Nick is really struggling.. got his cast off
 
 but on so many medicines between the accident and the broken ankel.... you're the only big brother that talks to him righ tnow.... so send him some love.... keep us updated and will get in touch with you soon\n\n
 
 but I would be the permenant guardian
 
 she can't get them back
 
 and she said she would mov down. 
 
 yes for all four. 
 
 that is cool.. would it be for all of hers?  Will she be moving with them 
 
 if you are approved or how will that work?  I know
 
 too many questions.... sorry.... have to leave in 5 min or so to run to Tommys school and meet with counsler.... but need to work out a time that it is okay to clal you and be able to chat for a bit...&lt;3\n
 
 if I get approved. 
 
 so you will have guardianship of all her kiddos?\n
 
 Hope that Nikki gets feeling better soon..... take care of eachother
 
 love you... Have a super Easter..\n
 
 dont get sunburned B| &lt;3 Ya\n
 
 it should melt soon... I hope
 
 it was still snowing last night
 
 first small flakes
 
 than big fluffy flakes..\n
 
 Love you too
 
 have fun today with your wonderful snow. lol
 
 Good Morning.... just getting the house up and moving for school.... havent really talked with you in a while
 
 hope that you are doing okay.  I will try and give you all a call today
 
 I am also looking for the disc so that i can reinstall our cam.  We love all of you and miss you bunches.. the kids look so happy in the pictures
 
 so proud of you kiddo.... lots o hugs and lots o smooches
 
 talk with you soon
 
 love your mommy
 
 He stopped by for a short time
 
 then got mad and left.... but the boys were so excited to see him for the time he did stay.... Nick has almost caught up with him in height...
 
 I saw that
 
 Hugo Chavez is finally dead
 
 turn on the news
 
 &lt;3 
 
 kk mwah love you all
 
 well
 
 hope everyone is doing well.... will update you if I get any news....okay
 
 love you
 
 its 652 gotta leave in  8 min
 
 gettin ready for work
 
 chatty are we?
 
 yup
 
 yup... I dont wanna stress him out by showing up and allen be there.. but I would like to seehim ya know?
 
 well that sounds fun...
 
 I just found out off facebook that your brother is having surgery today at St. Johns Hospital he is having his gallbladder removed... think its at 9 am... I have 2 doc appointments with the boys todya
 
 but will try to get up there
 
 allen aside
 
 and see him.. his girlfriend had posted something about it...
 
 and the Nissan hasn't been looked at yet
 
 the new van is about halfway done
 
 cadi's done
 
 Its been 'busy' and trying to get all three of the cars fixed. 
 
 the 28th is Bills birthday.... how r you doing? Nick and I start physical therapy today.... we are still hoping to make a trip to see you
 
 just not sure a date yet.... we love you all and miss you all.... tell the kids to stop growing so much and so fast...
 
 I'll have to check
 
 I always confuse it
 
 isnt Saundra June 26th?
 
 Rene -- April 03
 
 Billy - 4\nAdam - will be 6\nRene- will be 6\nSaundra- will be 4\nSophia- will be 1
 
 Saundra June 28th
 
 Rene
 
 i dont know
 
 Sophia March 24th (I think)
 
 Adam Feb 18
 
 Billy was on Saturday (9 Feb)
 
 send me the kids birthdays for grandma Patzwald so that I can put them on her calandar
 
 lol
 
 you're only  42 aren't you?
 
 that is right
 
 you are better than your brothers
 
 the ones still talking to me
 
 they thought I was almost 50..
 
 Happy Happy Happy birthday
 
 so.. you're 30 with experience?
 
 Have fun
 
 I am off crutches tho finally..... heading up stairs to take care of Nick
 
 be back online later.. love you
 
 love to the kids... talk to you soon
 
 grandma isnt speaking to me
 
 Austin has disowned me
 
 so I need all the people on my side I can get
 
 he cant put weight on them without the boots because of the insicions
 
 lol
 
 its only a foot pain. lol give him a vicadin he'll be fine. lol
 
 I am getting ready to get Nick in the tub.... I have to be there for balance
 
 then he can soak
 
 then have to help him out...
 
 whats up?
 
 poop
 
 working on some training
 
 a report
 
 facebook
 
 taxes
 
 and listening to music. lol
 
 I'm at work. 
 
 r u home
 
 can I call u?
 
 when I can pay for the spinal tap up front... and our attorney handles the accident details... so not on my schedule right now...= (
 
 and when are you getting BANK! from that accident. ? lol
 
 when will you get tested officially for MS?
 
 Nick has boots on his feet now
 
 not back to school since the accident tho.... I have a doc appointment tomorrow.... plus they think I have MS also....
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KucV8renOfI
 
 MRI show possible MS... cant get the spinal tap yet
 
 cant afford it.. so that is where we are.. starting physical therapy soon
 
 nick going in for check up in 2 days
 
 and meeting with the lawyer tomorrow over the accident.....
 
 update?
 
 :P
 
 I had posted about the accident... spent monday morning reading how Austin wants me out of his life permantly
 
 had the accident monday afternoon
 
 hit by a 15 passenger van and pushed into another car
 
 I was released from the hospital last night
 
 I am on crutches and have a neck brace on.... will start Physical Therapy soon 
 
 have cervical sprain
 
 right knee sprain
 
 tendon damage on left foot
 
 and internal swelling.... I am in a lot of pain
 
 love you all greatly
 
 the car is legos now...= ( No idea where we go from here
 
 keep in touch iwth your brother please austin... and Nick cam e home after the accident
 
 he had a ct scan
 
 wrist xray
 
 and he is covered in bruises and burns from the air bag... but he has gone back to school and is doing okay
 
 tho we both suffer from nightmares..... anyways
 
 I am going to lay down
 
 cant afford the pain killers
 
 so trying to sleep as much as possible.... all my love    mom
 
 Have you filed or asked for a medical board?  Is the reason you are not re- enlisting because of medical?  You need to request a medical board so that you will be eligible for VA and other things after your discharge......
 
 :P
 
 o bet that went well..LOL
 
 well grandma knows.. nikki told her. 
 
 why was Nkki at the hospital today?
 
 thank you.... we will support you.... take it easy letting grandma know and grandpa though please.... right now
 
 they have the 2 oldest boys right now... Tommy will be going under the knife at 7 am......
 
 but she figured before she posted on fb that I should let you know. lol
 
 u
 
 um
 
 cool.. and congrats.... who knows?
 
 nikki is having twins. lol
 
 no that gf moved out. I told you that. 
 
 they are both pregnant?
 
 oh.. and we bought the kids a dog for christmas
 
 and 10 weeks along. lol
 
 she is 9 weeks and 2 days along
 
 
 
 explain
 
 nope.  but.. we will go from 5 to 7 lol
 
 what
 
 r u married now?
 
 July 13th.. but thats not all. HAHA
 
 when is she due?
 
 well.. me and nikki have some news. lol
 
 cant call
 
 we are at childrens mercy south with Thomas right now and will be for a couple days... tell me here..
 
 Hey.. if you get a chance tonight
 
 give me a call.  I have some news. lol
 
 Let me know if you know of any address that can get cards to soldiers who may benefit from them... either state side or deployed... our church youth group will be making cards and would like to share as many as possible
 
 I am having a hard time finding address'\n
 
 Look into the painted concrete... they pour it into molds
 
 thinner and use it for floors and kitchen counters
 
 it can be sealed.... miss ya love ya..... Tommy heads to the hospital on the 8th of December
 
 this next week....
 
 Wanted to drop in really quick
 
 to let you know
 
 I downloaded skype
 
 all I need to do is re install my web cam
 
 maybe later today.. hope your thanksgiving was good.... Madison is visiting
 
 I am getting ready to start waking up the troops.... lov eyou
 
 okay
 
 now you have something to work with...
 
 but I have to go
 
 have to head back to work. 
 
 Oh.. btw
 
 got my diagnosis. I have asburgers
 
 go figure.. allen gives ulcers..
 
 Hey
 
 just found out that Austin had a camara down his throat today
 
 they found inflammation of the stomach and he has an ulcer... dont know anything else yet\n
 
 guess who I'm going to be for Halloween next year
 
 yes he does..... sorry we are running everywhere right now
 
 didnt mean to ignore you
 
 hehe
 
 does bill have any beliefe in the paranormal?
 
 and I'll 'accept' any religious statements from him
 
 ok love you too. and I'll keep any wiccan'esk' style conversations aimed at you. '
 
 heading out now.... glad we got to talk.... love you more than you know... I know that you are a very strong person... You can call me or write me anytime
 
 Bill loves you also
 
 but you have to allow him to give you his advice in his way... as he lets you talk in yours.... keep me informed about any changes
 
 please take care of eachother... lveo you love you loveyou
 
 calling u now
 
 the dark boiler room spirit I am dealing with when I have money
 
 but I dont nessacarily want to expel the child.. as its not his/her fault
 
 we have spoken to this child
 
 and we are still haveing issues
 
 I have questionsw about when you were wiccan
 
 cal me
 
 Hugs and kisses to you and prayers... I am heading off to get dinner going for Bill
 
 he will be home in an hour or so from work
 
 just be careful.... and you may need more security gates or additional locks of some kind
 
 explain about the safety issue to it about your kiddos....
 
 the dark. I am going head to head with as it doesnt frighten me but it scares everyone else in house. (even those that dont believe)
 
 but still unlocks the door (padlock or not) during the night. and its a bad thing with my kiddos
 
 we are working on the dark. but the child is mostly listening during the day. 
 
 you just dont want to get into anything that will open a door and allow others in.... oija board are one way that is very bad and allows any spirits to come through
 
 hmmmm
 
 when you do the blessing on the house
 
 you need to take back our property and announce that this is your house now
 
 and you will not leave
 
 and that whoever is there
 
 needs to leave your house.  Wiccan has nothing to do with spirits... I do understand what you are saying..... you may just have to chat with the child one and explain that you are in charge in the house and what your rules are.. the darker one
 
 the house blessing should have helped as well as announcing that it is your house now and you will not allow anyone to harm you or your family...
 
 the boiler room feels. 'heavy' if that maks sense.. when you were wiccan
 
 at any time during the day..
 
 but trhe child opens the doors even if they are padlocked..
 
 we arent sure if the two are related. 
 
 and we have a dark spirit in the boiler room
 
 we have a child in the house that opens the doors
 
 done
 
 the windows
 
 and doorways
 
 you can bless your house with holy water also.
 
 and that is only if its not  a spirit that is following me
 
 which so far teh only think I /others can think of is carrying amethyst
 
 and trying to figure out how to get rid of the baqd 'luck
 
 but partially drunk
 
 home
 
 are you home or at work?
 
 I like the song
 
and it is one of Nicks favorites....and you have a right to your beliefs and thoughts
 
 but so do I......
 
 and I loove the cover
 
 I love this song
 
 second link first
 
 listen to those songs I sent you
 
 and for the record you know i think one god overholding everything in existance sounds retarded right?
 
 thoughts?
 
 yup sure did
 
 did you get my wiccan related comment?
 
 lol
 
 well.. stop the religious. lol
 
 suffer from very religously?
 
 at east me blackouts stopped. lol
 
 It's hard to remember that far back.... and the migraines
 
 I suffer from very religiously now.....
 
 now they are full head jerks.. that have the potential to give me migraines from the force
 
 well thanks.. lol I could have used that when I started theropy. LMFAO\n
 
 When you were little they thought you had mild sezures... forgot to tell whats her facce when she called me... they had a specific name for them... they were like blips in moments of blinking
 
 or freezing 
 
 or muscle tension..
 
 that is why I have been getting 'even' just to have something break repeatedly
 
 Oh.. yea.. btw. went to a wiccan shop.. and I found out that the reason Ih ave been having fucked up financial's for the past 5 years is that someone cast a bad luck spell on me
 
 you can hear a cover of it
 
 that wa y you can hear the song as its originally released then
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQkBeOisNM0&amp;feature=related
 
 before you watch that  watch this..
 
 but..
 
 watch watch watch. :D :D :D :D
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQsN-pvokrw
 
 ?
 
 I have a child living in my house... HAHA.. (not a 'breathing ' one. lol)
 
 Betty is having heart surgery today at St. Johns Hospital
 
 we will be there after 11 today 
 
 ew
 
 hope he is feeling better soon.. getting ready to wake everyone up for school
 
 they have to leave in 20 minutes sleepy heads..LOL
 
 Kiddos went  trick or treating
 
 Adam was a dinosaur
 
 and Saundra was a Bumblebee
 
 Sophia was a fairy. (I was Steve
 
 the Dead Papa Johns employee that cried blood) lol  Adam went to the doctor today and has tonsilitis
 
 a sinus infection
 
 and possibly an ear infection
 
 bill starts full time job no. 2 today
 
 he will be working from 7 am until midnight everytday during the week.... we have to be somewhere at 7 tonight
 
 so I will try and call around 4 ish our time... other wise
 
 I can tcall until after 9 ish tonight.. lov eyou... take care of yourself..
 
 I am hoping to callu today
 
 I had a call last night
 
  a dear friend of mine passed away during heart surgery
 
 she was someon ethat I worked closely with for years a t the school....   take a deep breath and write me if you need to.... lov eyou
 
 new pics of the kids
 
 go do your thing...
 
 okay... yea!!!!!
 
 Mwah!!! love you all. I'll try to get pics of Adam and Saundra up later today
 
 smooches to you and the kiddos
 
 o fun.... later.. love ya
 
 so I will talk to you later okey dokey?
 
 I'm there
 
 had to run an errand
 
 and I have to get ready to go to a meeting. 
 
 fun fun
 
 I have to get going very soon... r u still there?
 
 anyways... I guess he took austins game system and games
 
 and ran away a couple months ago
 
 who do I talk to?
 
 oky
 
 you have to promise not to say anything
 
 I am not sure what all is or isnt going on yet
 
 deal?
 
 no
 
 have u heard about dakota?
 
 saw austin the other day
 
 lol
 
 I have noticed based on other peoples stories
 
 that I am 'rising' through the ranks from Newbie to Proficient
 
 a lot faster than most. lol
 
 and... you get to organize it... another great focus tool
 
 but I hope it lasts longer than most of the other ones. 
 
 you know I've always been ocd
 
 this is a method to focus the madness
 
 cool... the shampoo would help here..LOl you are doing a great job with the deals
 
 oh.. I got like 50$ of lotion
 
 shampoo
 
 toothpaste
 
 etc.. for like 7$ the other night
 
 I was wondering about that
 
 cuz Thomas will also
 
 once I get the apps in
 
 lol
 
 same with Saundra
 
 and once I get diagnosed
 
 I might also
 
 oh.. and now that adam is official he might qualify for Social Security
 
 you are a new discovery...
 
 now I'm a guinea pig
 
 as well as the fact no one can narrow down me enough to diagnos. lol
 
 and u got great kids
 
 well
 
 you showed them...lol
 
 apparently I shouldn't have been able to get by as long as I have
 
  and no
 
 you always were in gifted and excellerated classes
 
 from big bang
 
 A sheldon moment
 
 "umm.. no. lol" and they just stare...
 
 its funny when they ask me if I was tested as a child. 
 
 lol I love everyone too. 
 
 well
 
 we love you
 
 lol with the exception that my 'uniqueness' makes  it so I scare people. HAHA
 
 but that makes all of you unique and lovable...
 
 uuu yup
 
 nick is looking at possible surgery on his feet
 
 he will recheck with the orthopedic surgeon on Nov 12th
 
 our whole family is messed up. 
 
 they will use a camara
 
 and do something like a aneaplastic
 
 but in the colon
 
 and then there is testing after that for several hours
 
 not sure when he will get to come hom
 
 they are think ing hirschsprungs disease as one possibility
 
 They are doing this procedure as well as colonoscopy
 
 to see why nothing moves and there is nerve damage and how we need to fix this
 
 but the danger is bowel rupture can infect everything and put his life in danger
 
 why?
 
 He will be out of school starting the 6th
 
 admitted on the 8th
 
 and then procedure on the 10th
 
 why?
 
 no. 
 
   Did I let you know that Thomas will be going in to the hospital in Dec?
 
 funny
 
 the naturally curly(ish) hair
 
 makes it so he has the stylish mohawk
 
 when he doesnt do anything to it. lol
 
 lol
 
 because he wanted the mohawk because of a movie he saw
 
 and because it was crazy hair day
 
 adam looks really good with a mohawk
 
 (better than we thought he would) 
 
 maybe just stress...
 
 She's kept her hair for over a year
 
 so allopecia is not really an option now
 
 luckily
 
 yes
 
 and I am so happy that he is getting help
 
 did I tell you Adam finally got approved and is a full blown Special Ed student now
 
 and
 
 and since it fell out once
 
 me and nikki were worried that she might have had allopecia because of how thin her hair it
 
 yea
 
 just barely
 
 but at least she is keeping her hair
 
 
 
 I said no cuz her hair (minus bangs) is past her shoulders now
 
 okay
 
 mail her here
 
 wanted a mohawk cuz adam got one.
 
 shes a little diva
 
 
 
 how is saundra doing?
 
 cute
 
 he went to school today with the curled styled mohawk
 
 lol
 
 hopefully we can get it to stick straight up eventually
 
 today was crazy hair day
 
 so Imma take pictures later today
 
 cool
 
 Adam has a mohawk now
 
 saw the picture of your lil one in the laundry basket... too funny
 
 hopfully nothing puffs back up
 
 so we shall see when I stop taking them
 
 Its gone down
 
 but I've been taking anti inflammatories since Saturday
 
 or did it come and go?
 
 hope they figure something out
 
 is the swelling still there
 
 lol
 
 I never was easy. haha
 
 I marked high in two many things to have one thing wrong. lmao
 
 I marked high in Schizoid
 
 Manic
 
 Avoidant
 
 and one or two others
 
 so they are literally rolling out the testing buffet for me. lol
 
 lol
 
 everything
 
 testing for what
 
 poo
 
 Ya I'm at work
 
 r u at work?  cuz I owuld like to call u
 
 oh.. and on the 30th I have literally 10 hours of psychological testing. HAHA
 
 everything looks fine
 
 nope
 
 ran two EKG's and an Xray
 
 interesting... hope its sometning that goes away
 
 and not a reaction to somethings
 
 are they concerned about your heart at all?
 
 but essentially my chest swelled so much it sprained my ribs in the wrong direction
 
 and they still dont know what caused my inflammation. lol
 
 nuttin
 
 wuz up
 
 yup
 
 got a few before i have to leave for an appointment
 
 You online?
 
 coo coo... hope you are feeling better soon soon ssoooonn... getting ready to go get the boys... BIll has na interview today
 
 At the doctor thats why I didn't answer
 
 popping in to say I love you and send hugs to everyone.. tonight we have youth group
 
 Bill and I help teach it.... hope this kiddos and you are doing well and  you are smiling... lov eyou bunches kiddo\n
 
 (not that extreme
 
 but close. lol)
 
 Imma start doing it. 
 
 you should watch Extreme Couponing. I think you'll lik eit. 
 
 I am heading to bed now..... i will b eon and off line tomorrow... and will chat with you then..... the boys all send hugs and kisses.. love you miss u.... tlak to you soon ove
 
 coo... thomas is being scheduled for a procedure that he will have to be put under for.. things here are kinda crazy right now.. will hopefully give ya a call tonight
 
 love you.....
 
 tonight shoudl be fine. I'm busy like that most days now. 
 
 I am not sure what is going on today
 
 but if it is not too late.. I may try and call you... unless you will be too tired and we will set another time...
 
 I'm at work
 
 I also have a neurosphychological screening today
 
 wooo! ROFL. Then I have my trumpet tutoring (I'm tutoring a 7th grader for 15$ an hour)  I'll be home at like 9pm your time
 
 He hadnt talked to me since before his birthday.. then he calls and 'i love you' but emails me and goes off on me....his girlfriend thinks he is just mad because she is now doing home school and he doesnt have her there at school anymore... frustrating... are you home
 
 can I call you sometime today?
 
 I dont know what to do with him
 
 Allen is running him and Dakotah into the ground
 
 I try to talk to him
 
 and half the time he trails off on tangents. 
 
 He hasn't been talking to me. No one has really. 
 
 austin called me last night and wanted alternatives to staying in school there in Lansing.... asked me to fix whatever I fucked up an dgot him sent there to allens house.. and find him somewhere else to live.... I have tried to talk with your brother
 
 and am getting cut off
 
 and rudeness... please if you can
 
 talk to him.. not to fix anything for me
 
 but to give him some support
 
 because apparently anything I have done for any of you
 
 has been wrong.... just love your brother
 
 I am at a loss right now.
 
 wow
 
 neither you or austin is answering my messages.. well hope everyone is doing well.. we miss u all and love u all... if u hear from austin let us know please
 
 or at least tell him that we love him 2\n
 
 okey dokey
 
 I would love to
 
 we will have to see what happens with bills and all..
 
 so you still coming out to visit around tax season?
 
 I posted some of the pictures from the visit with grandma Patzwald.... hope you are doing okay
 
 would love to call you sometime
 
 just never know when the right time is... give the kids a kiss for us and hope they are doing great in school... Love you mom
 
 hey dude... I offered to help watch the kiddos.. but I cant pay for the bus ride there.... I applied for the job..= (  o well... talk to you soon.. love you bunches
 
 okay
 
 love you
 
 ok
 
 Have fun
 
 and take pictures
 
 will later today
 
 we are heading out to see Betty
 
 today is Matts b day and the anniversary of Garys death... so I may be on later today and will check them out kidds
 
 you should listen to my songs I posted. lol
 
 *Big Kissy Face*
 
 We Wuv You Vewy Vewy Much
 
 yup yup have fun
 
 give kisses and hugs to everyone... hope the kiddos are settlin in well in th new house
 
 just pay attention to any side effects.....I should be onlin later today... but gotta get to punching..... the boys are gone(of course) .... 
 
 effexor xr
 
 I'm on an experimental trial to see if they work for me. ROFL
 
 i finally got the kookoo doc to give me meds. lo
 
 I cant walk anymore
 
 planters faciatis crap... so now I do yoga and kickboxing
 
 or soemthing
 
 or taichi'ing'
 
 aren't you supposed to be walking
 
 haha
 
 I have to go very soon
 
 this is my kickboxing time
 
 I know of several people who had kids early
 
 and that doesnt make them bad people....it isnt a reason to judge people...neither is judging someone based on what order they were born in in the family
 
 because she was the one that had kids young
 
 itsn't religious
 
 etc.. etc..
 
 (her mums side) 
 
 and  nikki is actually the black sheep of her family. lol 
 
 she doesnt particuarly like that. lol 
 
 she can always share information
 
 and share opinion
 
 but the choices and decisions should ultimatly belong to you guys
 
 shes 'uber' religious
 
 me and her mum dont get along
 
 its funny... 
 
 actually
 
 I would say the kiddo run the house
 
 as is the truth here
 
 but if you both are wanting to be together
 
 than more power to you
 
 
 
 as her mum said (its not your house
 
 its his)
 
 but Nikki just got a new house...lol.. why move
 
 me and nikki had a laugh. lol
 
 nope not particuarly. lol Nikki's mom basically is bribing nikki with her house if and when she moves in with her new bf. lol
 
 r u better
 
 I saw your rant online 
 
 not by much
 
 but its still funny.  28
 
 today is your aunt paiges birthday
 
 interesting
 
 that was hysterical.. I've dated older than her. HAHA
 
 she was around 16 when we all met
 
 sounds about right
 
 or what not
 
 yea.. or whatever her name is now. scalon
 
 gast?
 
 cindy's 27?
 
 know
 
 been there done that
 
 you know the fun stuff lol
 
 getting ready to pawn a trumpet for gas money.
 
 funfun
 
 as alwasy
 
 working
 
 how r u doin?
 
 IM BORED!!!!!
 
 ooo okay
 
 because many times I have said how horrible you are right...... anyways... tell her to write me if she is interested love you
 
 just a bunch of stuff as to reason why she is 'annoyed in general'
 
 she's a little annoyed that people are teling her i'm horrible. and and and..
 
 okay
 
 if she is interested.. she doesnt always seem to think I am interesting
 
 apparently I'm just awesome enough to be left alone. lol
 
 she's noticed it. 
 
 I haven't noticed anything.. so you'll have better luck talking to nikki. lol
 
 You should find out the history of your house and the land... how long did the owners before own it..... do some research on the history to try and help with your lil casper the ghost...... the history will help you move foward in what you need to do.....Love Mummy
 
 have fun
 
 Heading out to get dinner... love ya
 
 catch me online so we can chat
 
 I see that another son has come online too.......love ya... hugs and kisses... out into the 106 temps...yee haw
 
 sounds fun..... hope that everything is going as planned and not too many complications with the move and transition..... the boys are out at grandmas house for a couple days... then they are all going to the lake on Williams birthday and staying for something like a week or so... 
 
 just unpackin now
 
 How is the move going?
 
 = )
 
 told ya lol
 
 Thats too funny
 
 looks just like sissy
 
 she's a violinist
 
 go to youtube and look up Lindsey Stirling
 
 I figured out what Saudndra will look like when she's like 25. 
 
 Sophia is getting big... and she looks just like Saundra
 
 I saw and commented on them....
 
 nikki posted like 20+ pics today
 
 HI
 
 Happy Sunday... popping in to see how the move went and if you are all settling in okay?  I loved the pictures of Adam and his school clothes... so proud of him and I hope that he does great this year.... Okay
 
 we miss the kiddos and you very much
 
 and you just have to deal with the fact that I am your mother
 
 and they are my grandchildren and I will miss all of you no matter how old you get or where you may live...so mummy loves you very much.... I will write again soon... Bill is walking 4 miles everymoring
 
 and I am now doing yoga and pilates... fun fun.. he has lost almost 30 pounds.... so he will be in shape and ready for when school starts..LOL.. Love you all
 
 mom and company...
 
 luv ya too hav efun
 
 going to the store and gas up and then home to hang out in the coolness... luff ya
 
 that will help
 
 good..
 
 he has a truck
 
 and a trailer
 
 love ya kiddo... gotta go before we break 100 so I
 
 Katey's brother
 
 sister
 
 and dad are gonna help
 
 hope you get lots of help with the moving
 
 please do...
 
 will talk to you soon... good luck at the signing....
 
 we'll take pics of the house after its unpacked. :-)
 
 he said to tell you thank you
 
 tell mr oldy Happy Birthday
 
 mmmmm sounds good
 
 deep fried twinkie.
 
 put a candle on it.... 
 
 We are getting ready to run some errands
 
 think I am getting bill some twinkies.. too hot to make a cake
 
 lol not even close
 
 they're coming to take me away haha
 
 they're coming to take me away ho ho he he haha.. to the funny farm
 
 nope
 
 but I am. HAHAHA
 
 lol.. he said he is not crazy
 
 ROFL
 
 Hola Senor Loco
 
 cool
 
 I'm bored... and i go sign my house title today
 
 Bill says hello
 
 hi
 
 hola
 
 I messaged Nikki
 
 no response yet
 
 so I will check the computer tonight
 
 maybe call then.... stay cool.. miss you and love you... soon it will be moving time for you...love you\n
 
 good luck
 
 yup
 
  vegas
 
 are you in a motel room in the picture?  Looking at the hair dryer in the pic...\n
 
 take care..... muha
 
 have fun
 
 love you all too
 
 give everyone a hug and a kiss for me... and give sissy a super big hug and kiss for me..... love you all
 
 cool...
 
 everyone is seperated out on Nikkis profile
 
 everyone is on their own categories. so I dont think Grandma can see that
 
 okay
 
 let nikki know to be careful what she posts
 
 grandma can see her posts and will read that
 
 I got about a 3rd of it paid by him before he skipped
 
 but dont tell Grandma or grandpa
 
 I dont want the i told you so
 
 its in mexico. I dont think its coming back. 
 
 find anything out about the green car?
 
 fun is fun
 
 dont need alot of money... cake
 
 sprinkler 
 
 laughing
 
 and playing....
 
 we're broker than broke.  so shes getting a house party. with cake and yummies... but the rest will have to come later
 
 soooo... sissy is getting a rockin birthday right?
 
 huh
 
 interesting
 
 well make sure and share with me so I have some warning...LOL
 
 finally decided to see how messed up I am. haha
 
 nope
 
 why? Is it your job that is doing it?
 
 for me
 
 and to basically see how fucked up my head it. lol
 
 for who
 
 and what are they for?
 
 Shipley
 
 MCMI and the MMPI
 
 psych testing
 
 ?
 
 hehe I get to take three crazy people test tomorrow. lol
 
 Adams not really sick
 
 its just the rest of the kiddos
 
 haven't heard of any fires. lol
 
 are those fires near you all?  will be off and on today
 
 William has a concert tonight.... kisses and hugs
 
 will talk to you soon...love ya
 
 please dont bitch about the kids being sick... read enough of that in the last few days.... hope they get feeling better
 
 doubt they are doing it on purpose......
 
 what r u up to today&gt;
 
 :P
 
 = 0
 
 love you....... miss u..... understand totally..... continue to be the great u......
 
 its 1142 here
 
 and I ma hungry toooo
 
 mwah luv uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu   have fun
 
 Have fun. I'm hungry.. its only 10am.. :P  lol
 
 that doesnt' exist and I'm already on migrainse medicine
 
 and its not working. lol
 
 I have to head out to the store
 
 then towards the school to get the boys and Bill......
 
 migrains are somthing that I deal with on a regular basis... find a focus for you.... for you time.....
 
 I want/needs meds to mellow everything out. it really sucks when two or three of me try to hold the main seat at once
 
 talk about migraines and fucked up moods
 
 shows u r a deep thinker and an associative thinker and processor
 
 lol its annoying though
 
 because I have to use altered music to transition from one to another if I needpieces of info from different personas
 
 I call it giving yourself many options to succeed...
 
 you compartmentalize your thoughts
 
 reactions
 
 and path of learning into different personalities or persons...
 
 to the point that unless I am in that particular personality
 
 I cannot remember things I have learned
 
 math and science was their own
 
 the rock club was another
 
 school was another
 
 
 
 band and choir was one of me. 
 
 lol I found a way to semi mesh all of me
 
 everything I did in school was basically a different me. 
 
 I lived with your dad.... it isnt hard to split dealing with him
 
 you have def dif personalities
 
 did you ever notice there were more than one of me? lol
 
 always carry a can of silly string and bottle of bubbles...
 
 oh what fun....
 
 workig. lol
 
 what r you doing for your birthday this year?
 
 okay
 
 so there is a party line
 
 you never noticed
 
 did you? lol
 
 all individual. 
 
 Mum.... there are 6 of me. 
 
 2nd?
 
 that way u r never lonely and can always get a second opinion
 
 and mine have been talking back since I was like 5
 
 Whats fun is when the voices talk back. 
 
 a more out of the box perspective
 
 there ya go
 
 we are just autistic thinkers. lol
 
 Autism
 
 William will have his Austism spectrum testing at KU in June
 
 as r u
 
 ooooo your kiddos are just artistic thinkers.....
 
 I tend to have just about everything wrong with me. ;)
 
 he goes back to Childrens in July to see where we go from here..... 
 
 figure out what is wrong with all the kiddos so I know where to start on me. lol
 
 Tommy had his MRI done and it came back clean
 
 ooooo okay
 
 and have a car that will make it to KS
 
 and    when we all have money to come visit. lol
 
 lol
 
 we have no humidity here. ll
 
 LOL
 
 okay
 
 when are you shippin Sissy here?
 
 blah
 
 today is 83 and I am dying
 
 ewww
 
 it was over 100 yeasterday
 
 good
 
 I am sure
 
 and everyone is doing good
 
 it is getting hotter and hotter here..
 
 Military likes their work done. lol
 
 How is everyone doin?
 
 oooo poooooooo... wut for?
 
 workin too. 
 
 I'm here. 
 
 wul........war did ya go?
 
 and T on his own til hight school
 
 that will put each boy in thier own school
 
 Nick will be moving up to Middle School
 
 7th grad e next school year
 
 this week he will take a tour of the new school
 
 i saw it.
 
 back
 
 so not sure what is going on
 
 heard he is bak with his girlfriend
 
 He hangs out at Matts alot..... cuz for awhile
 
 they would call Bill to come hang out.... Austin would call here and ask for Bill....
 
 like one or two messages thats it
 
 and I never heard from stephan
 
 austin
 
 Austin or Stephan?
 
 I know that he stays out of the house a lot doing the photography
 
 hmm no clue. I dont hear from him that often
 
 we never hear from him anymore..
 
 too funny
 
 willcheck it out......
 
 You should read what I put on Stevens wall. lol
 
 I have not heard from Austin
 
 not even Mothers Day.. no idea what is going on.....
 
 sounds like the beginning of a nother meltdown
 
 and any one know why Allen bought Austin a camera?  and why he is going to order more lenses for it?
 
 willhave to go check
 
 Nikki keeps puttin up new pics
 
 hey dude... wuz up?
 
 HOLA!
 
 yes...makes me cry
 
 miss them
 
 can you see the pics now?
 
 uuuu yea
 
 I will check on her site
 
 because last time yesterday I went to her page and all I could see was the cover photo and I couldnt see anything else...... miss you
 
 me and the kiddos are fine. sophia is sleeping through the night already :)  Nikki posted some new pictures yesterday so you can see the kiddos. I need to have her take some more pics of Sophia so you can see the baby also. :)
 
 How have you been?  How are the kiddos?  Tommy had an MRI yesterday... and Nick will be getting his tonsills out in June.. fun fun... getting ready to get William up to start homework... Love you and miss u bunches.... getting closer to you moving into the new house = )
 
 its a picture of the same color make and model of my cadi :)
 
 http://memimage.cardomain.com/ride_images/1/2855/2821/7136410001_large.jpg
 
 I`m off now to eat lunch :o
 
 no it has a constant breeze B)
 
 I thought it was muggy :P
 
 cooooooooooooooooooooooool
 
 hows Ks?
 
 :D\n
 
 PENGUIN!
 
 &lt;(")
 
 BD
 
 B)
 
 :P
 
 here is nick to chat with you
 
 :)
 
 :P
 
 HI!!!!!!!!!! :D 
 
 lol but at least the car runs now without killing itself (literally) lol
 
 Nick says hi
 
 variety is the spice of life
 
 interesting
 
 soo.... might be able to fix it
 
 might need a new engine eventually
 
 I have \n1- 60\n2-30\n3-60\n4-60\n5-60\n6-100\n7-90\n8-120
 
 and your supposed to hvae 100lbs of pressure per cylinder
 
 I have my wonderful V8 in the cadi
 
 wow... eventually the vehicles will run and be pretty and it will all be worth it....=)
 
 my week just gets better and better. lol
 
 check out my new status update.... 
 
 Austin came over and stayed the night on friday.. humid
 
 yea I know you dont have any humidity there... bill said ' you so funny'
 
 ;) ROFLMAO
 
 whast that?
 
 humid?
 
 ew... we have very humid here.. hoping for more rain to break the thickness an dheat alittle
 
 haha
 
 it rained the other day
 
 and got down to 53 last night.. but... it'll prolly be in the high 80s today 
 
 your weather?
 
 I know
 
 they had some crazy ones there..... although
 
 there is a town in ks that they still have someone missing
 
 tornadoes
 
 and I think they had like 10
 
 5 deaths in Ok
 
 97 tornadoes in Ks no deaths.
 
 We didnt get any here
 
 very little rain
 
 some wind early this morning
 
 now just hot
 
 haha  I wish I was there
 
 I love tornadoes
 
 97 tornadoes
 
 hows the wonderful world of Oz?
 
 hello
 
 :P :P: P
 
 lol   look up 1989 Cadillac Brougham lol mines white. hehe
 
 okey dokey. Have fun. and I haven't talk ed to him recently either..
 
 Hope everything is going well..... kisses tot he kiddoss... Betty was in the hospital for dehydration
 
 hoping she comes home soon.  Just got my car back
 
 for the 2nd time from the shop.... plugs
 
 gasket cover
 
 starter.. ugggg.. need someone to fix the wiring in the trunk
 
 when the trunk was shut sometime
 
 it cut the wires there are about 12 that have bben cut.  Can't get Austin to respond to emails or anything to see if he can help me mend the wires... He did not go to grandmas for Easter
 
 kinda hurt her and grandpas feelings.... well
 
 heading out to pick Bill up from work and try and get rid of this headache..... Have a good time with the birthdya celebration
 
 but be careful... love you bunches.....
 
 I love th ecastle.. and I saw FB.. trust me we have said nothing to nobody....... give the kids andu kisses for us....
 
 
 
 oaky
 
 I checked out the link you sent the other day... I will run rihgt out and get you that bed...after I get one of my own..LOl ... can I get Tiffs number from you?
 
 ALLO..... Do you have Tiff's phone number?  Bill is asking.....\n
 
 I will check it out when I get back on... just got back from the dic with bill.... possible ulcers.. diet change
 
 no smoking... heading back out now to get tommy from school.. love the pics.. kis look great..... will bea ble to talk more this weekend.. loveya
 
 christmas present
 
 buy me :D  haha
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/Tommy-Bahama-Home-Royal-Kahala-Harbour-Point-Bed-in-Distressed-Coffee-TBL1848.html
 
 = (
 
 sorry
 
 kk I'll try to figure it otu. :)
 
 I am not sure where else to get the infor
 
 i hate SRS and they dont like me. :P
 
 SRS would be the best place to call.....
 
 no idea with that one
 
 Born Abroad remember. lol
 
 HAHA
 
 hmm... trying to figure out how to get Saundras....
 
 BC copies cost me like 45 a piece when I had to get them
 
 I also drove to Topeka instead of mail
 
 ? would have to call SRS to get applications
 
 I think you might be able to get them on line to print off app also
 
 Adams and Saundras got lost
 
 how do I apply for a new Social secur card and BC?
 
 then he is off to sleep clinic and ent
 
 yup
 
 fun fun fun....
 
 Nick is on a new med
 
 he is home today.... side effects watch
 
 =)
 
 imma restore it and resell it eventually
 
 cool
 
 came with 2 12in subs and a 900watt amp
 
 and tinted windows ROFL
 
 hehe  its this make and model. just not quite as pretty
 
 http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.americandreamcars.com%2F1989cadillacbroughamdelegance1110.htm&amp;h=mAQHTI-US
 
 want grandkiddo pictures too
 
 coo
 
 I'll post pictures later if I can
 
 as long as it runs
 
 good start
 
 no rust
 
 back seats are good
 
 front leather seats need redon
 
 good
 
 minor damage to the soft top
 
 got it for 800$ (wasn't supposed to run)  but I started it up and drove it away. lol Tune up scheduled today
 
 1989 Cadillac Brougham
 
 what car?
 
 coo coo
 
 hehehe
 
 and just bought a car. 
 
 looking at a house
 
 
 
 have fun ttyl love you all 
 
 Everyone sends love... you take care of yourself and those kiddos
 
 we are heading out.. Thomas made honor roll... woo hoo... getting him a treat.. muah muah.... love ya bunches
 
 Nick said tell them hi
 
 he misses them like crazy
 
 work
 
 and kiddos
 
 nick says wut up bro
 
 dont over do your self....
 
 whatup
 
 hola
 
 thomas says hi
 
 aloha
 
 william says hi
 
 Nick says hi
 
 'literally'
 
 I can't run a 1.5mile
 
 without feeling like I'm going to break my shins
 
 but... if I gamble and try to wait till next year
 
 and extend... then I might be able to get like 40k+  but... I will probably reenlist this year
 
 incase they try to kick me out
 
 just dont break anymore
 
 and you should be okay.....
 
 and I can get up to like 9800$ (but after taxes its 6400$) lol
 
 I can reenlist in June
 
 lol
 
 then they have to pay me for kicking me out prior to my contract. ROFL\n
 
 hopefully I get to reenlist before they try to kick me out if they try
 
 I know
 
 bill has the same problem.....
 
 and I have had shin issues for YEARS! so they aren't getting better
 
 already passed a practice test version
 
 hope you do well
 
 I have to take my PT test with a walk test now. lol
 
 maybe the break will simply stregthen everything up..
 
 hopefully they dont....
 
 hopefully they dont try to kick me out by medboarding me
 
 Woot~ lol
 
 cuz my shins
 
 I got put on a 6 month profile from running
 
 kk
 
 I will try and find something out
 
 he send the NES and atari and said he was sending some spoons (which he has done a couple times) but this time I had the racks
 
 the carosel spoons
 
 the gold spoon
 
 and all the ones that were on the wall. there are all at my house now
 
 There is something going on.
 
 ooooo I will see austin tomorrow
 
 he is spending the weekend here\n
 
 Sooooo..... What is wrong with Allen?  He just sent me the ENTIRE spoon collection.....   make sure you check up on his health...
 
 = )
 
 have a great day.. boys send love
 
 austin is hanging here this weekend for a change
 
 cool cool
 
 just got out of a meeting
 
 its 1125am here
 
 fun fun
 
 Imma go eat lunch...
 
 Nick is home today with bloddy stools.. lol
 
  Heading out in about 15 mins to pick up bill and tommy from school.. today is early release..
 
 tru dat
 
 but I've been going strong since 2008 on not talk ing to him and it aint gonna change. Its time someone showed him that he cant get his way
 
 I wasn't that young. :P :P :P
 
 lol
 
 and Kent gave the atari to me. :P
 
 and he agreed. but... its still not changing that I think he needs to curl up and grow the fuck up
 
  hee hee
 
 dumbass is right
 
 the atari was mine...
 
 he has austin get my address to mail me spoons and I told austin to tell him I wanted my fucking systems
 
 oooo
 
 LMFAO he thinks he'll change my views... dumbass
 
 why?
 
 oh... Allen is mailing me the Nintendo
 
 Atari
 
 and some spoons. 
 
 Nick says hi
 

 
 sounds good
 
 while looking for a gas efficient car
 
 I'm getting for my second car
 
 then I'll fix it up slowly
 
 resell
 
 and flip for profit.
 
 and 'contrary' to the add
 
 it does start so the Grounding cable doesnt need to be replaced. lol
 
 that is funny
 
 I just looked at a car similar to that here..... but it sold to someone else... you will have room in it for sure
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2881432062.html
 
 what?
 
 guess what I'm buying. lol
 
 loveu
 
 hi
 
 hola
 
 hola
 
 hey it`s nick just to say hi
 
 Love you
 
 kisses to all
 
 tommy send s a hi five.... talk to you soon... looks like he wants mcdonalds.. blah
 
 stay on them about getting the kids  looked at.... uuuuuuu remember
 
 Sissy is the bomb!!!!
 
 love them more than they will ever need.... we are getting ready to head out
 
 taking tommy out to lunch today....
 
 just like william...
 
 not like
 
 neither does Saundra
 
 Adam has NO impulse control though
 
 they dont flip though
 
 I've already taught them out of it
 
 Saundra still has issues but when she starts talking it will be easier. 
 
 work with the kids at hime
 
 find what calms them and document it 
 
 document responses and everything they do and say
 
 so when you can see someone
 
 you have documentation to keep the ball rolling
 
 that would be sensory
 
 based on texture sensory... william has something simiar
 
 certain textures of food make him vomit or gag
 
 as well as smells
 
 sounds
 
 lights
 
 or certain movement freak out his brain momentarily until he can focus again.
 
 damn waiting lists
 
 I need to get them tested
 
 he keeps taking my walls apart
 
 one layer of paint at a time
 
 adam might be sensory as well
 
 she is very sensitive to sounds lights and movement
 
 as well as spinning motions with her hands....so they are both perfect
 
..
 
 and Saundra will probably be sensory
 
 adam is educational/speech delay
 
 mechanical advancement
 
 you never know...... nothing like variety in a family  LOL
 
 and I am about 90% sure that I will be diagnosed with multiple personalities if I ever actually get tested
 
 I have a tick.... I listen to music over and over
 
 at varying speeds and the faster the speed (up to l ike 200% faster) allows me to focus better
 
 haha scapegoat :P
 
 lol
 
 Just means you are all very special
 
 uhhh depression
 
 OCD maybe
 
 autism not sure where that comes in in the family tree
 
 not too clear on one side of it
 
 :P :P
 
 and me and nicholas agree the autism is your fault. 
 
 o
 
 3 but the two from the same dad are the autistic ones
 
 how many brothers does she have
 
 on the intake question that I did on the phone with the specialist
 
 william hit on 25 outta 25
 
 her brothers are (old school borderline autistic) but now they would be midscpectrum
 
 luckily Nikki knows about my quirks. lol
 
 one of my harddrives crashed and deleted about 6 years worth of photos that were organized by date met
 
 and then alphabatized
 
 and I didn't leave the bedroom for two days
 
 has to be done his certain way or it totally throws him off kilter
 
 and that way cannot change
 
 he has OCD also
 
 things have to be done a certain way. 
 
 I still have more OCD issues than I can handle
 
 but I make due and put on a nice face
 
 I know....
 
 just think of me
 
 and what I would be if I didn't do band and choir
 
 aspergers was also brought up
 
 sorry dislexic fingers...lol
 
 as[ergers was a;sp brought up
 
 he is under weight
 
 under height
 
 years behind on physical and mental. a loner in nature
 
 I am thinking
 
 direct*
 
 I have to update my medical folder because dirent family member diagnosis's
 
 kk..
 
 so.. lower specturm.. 
 
 sensory integration... social disorder.. autism spectrum
 
  waiting for KU to call and get his assesment appointment set up
 
 soo... autism?
 
 hi
 
 :P
 
 OYE
 
 luv ya.. talk to you soon
 
 and mini vans...LOl
 
 hey
 
 check out the jeep cherokees too for me...
 
 well I'm off to browse craigslist for Supras. lol
 
 = )
 
 fun fun
 
 ~joy~
 
 have fun. I'm back to work for the first time in like 2 weeks
 
 love and kisses to all of you...
 
 I am out the door.. have to run to walmart before getting everyone from school
 
 they have all been home for the last 5 days
 
 drove me crazy
 
 lol
 
 mines an 8 seater
 
 and after April I will only have one seat open. HAHA
 
 that is our problem
 
 if we plan to go somewhere wioth Austin
 
 we dont have the room and somneone ends up staying home
 
 and hopefully I can find a l il Toyota Supra around here for my to-and-from car
 
 yup no more multi trips
 
 but you will love having the room... I miss having my van
 
 OUCH!
 
 it cost me 80$ to fill that van up yesterday
 
 looks like it will
 
 I have to sell the ford
 
 then I get to keep whatever over 3K i sell it for
 
 and I get to buy me a lil car
 
 I would love to be able to find a jeep grand cherokee for around that price... the ones I find are too far away
 
 hope u like the van and it works out okay for you
 
 tagging and etc.. the van on Wed
 
 now I have to sell the ford
 
 so I can pay grandma and grandpa
 
 2 cool
 
 i got it for 1200
 
 luv the tires
 
 that is the price I am looking for..LOL
 
 theres my van. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2850181950.html
 
 I'll send it to you later. 
 
 love ya
 
 heading out.. back later...
 
 it said ' this content is currently unavailable
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1870177306615&amp;set=a.1597058038804.86623.1006582504&amp;type=3  here is one of my gf's
 
 it is supposed to snow today so I have to go get gas in the car and check the fulids soon.. hate cold.. has it been cold there?
 
 hmmm chatty arent you?  LOL
 
 yup
 
 So is everything going okay?
 
 hmmm
 
 haha...we figured we would start telling people now. since it is still illegal. lol
 
 lol
 
 who am I oging to tell?  I am lucky to get out of the house
 
 and out of the car here and there
 
 just checking. right now  we have only told like 3 people
 
 that we think might understand it. and keep it quiet. lol so...haha  
 
 when r u getting more pictures of the kids?  and posint?  
 
 ya
 
 about picking up a wife or two.. haha
 
 which ones?\n
 
 nuttin
 
 did you get the funny comments I was talking about the other day?
 
 hey
 
 whats up?
 
 boo!
 
 booo! :D aloha mum
 
 boo :P hehehehe
 
 haha all shared and stuff on my site. :P I'll share on my big site when I get home. lol
 
 well you could tell me that. :P but you know exactly what that phrase sounds like dont you :P
 
 it about advocating for children and adults with disablitliy rights.... its a page that I have created... thank you\n
 
 lol once you start looking at my comment as 'literally' (HEHE) then we'll talk lol   and that sounds WAYYYYY to religious for me
 
 but I'll look :P
 
 I know that you are a sensable person and will do what you choose to do
 
 and that it will be in the kiddos best interest as well... Ha ha... thought I wasnt paying attention.... lov eyou
 
 be back soon.. check out my new page
 
 Leaving Footprints
 
 Holding Hands...\n
 
 so
 
 you didn't have any comments about me and picking up a wife or two. lol
 
 and I will be online all day. lol always am
 
 yup quick trip
 
 I have an appointment today at 10
 
 will you be online later today?
 
 so you are making it a quick trip?
 
 :P
 
 I dont get sick. lol
 
 That sounds fun. haha
 
 everyone just went back to school
 
m home since thursday with strep
 

 
 they drove me crazy
 
 rofl
 
 haha you think I'm joking
 
 lol
 
 nuttin waiting to get taxes back and it to be the 1st so I can go get divorced
 
 then pick up a wife
 
 or two. HAHA
 
 hi what s up?
 
 BOO!  haha
 
 I know where that car can go.. I am in desperate need here... and grandpa keeps running up my bill by wanting to fix things
 
 and the care is falling apart
 
 the other day it wouldnt even start in the monring and I needed to get the boys to school and bill to wotk... sucks.\n
 
 good luck
 
 my water pump out
 
 owe grandpa
 
 and my pwrstering pump is going
 
 leaking oil and transmission going out....\n
 
 I am looking for a minivan or a passanger van here in tucson. lol 
 
 lol kk.. 
 
 oky
 
 remember
 
 I live in the same town as the ourt house.... so keep me informed....
 
 not going to be there that long
 
 enough to pay grandma and grandpa for the car
 
 file my divorce fix my tag status at the DMV and hopefully get a court signing date while I'm there
 
 keep me informed on your visit...... I also have to buy bunches of chicken noodle soup.. ewww
 
 love kisses and hugs... leaving to pick up meds for the big babies.......
 
  and u too
 
 keep them healthy
 
  lol
 
 but saundra is still running around like a chicken with her head cut off
 
 adam and saundra aren't feeling well either. 
 
 lol
 
 eww
 
 I have nick
 
 william
 
 and bill home sick todya
 
 all with something different
 
 well
 
 he was a newbie..lol
 
 divorced
 
 same age of kids. lol etc.. etc..
 
 haha
 
 the difference is that me and my older woman have almost identical pasts. lol 
 
 look what happened to him
 
 Bill said to stay away from older women... they will get you in trouble..lol
 
 cool...
 
 she's 24
 
 and divorced. and not military.
 
 that sounds good
 
 yup she has a 4 year old girl and a 2 year old boy
 
 is she good with saundra and adam?
 
 i dont do single. lol I started seeing her the day I got in Tucson
 
 and was talking to her online for a couple months before I got here. lol
 
 if you are ready for that.... congrats
 
 hmmmm..... okay....
 
 lol and after I'm divorced
 
 I will probably go from single... to gf... to fiancee... to married. lol
 
 ya
 
 i forgot if I told you
 
 I have only told a couple people since I am still 'divorcing'   which.. after I come up to kansas on the 2nd
 
 hopefully I can 'resolve' that issue
 
 uh why are you asking that?
 
 lol\n
 
 random question.. lol you know I have a gf right?
 
 hi
 
 hola
 
 love ya.. have a good day
 
 uhhhhh..................... sure
 
 its snowing here.. fun fun
 
 have fun
 
 keep me informed on things.... pass on kisses and squeezes from me..... I have to head out to pick up some scripts and run some errands...
 
 understandable
 
 trying not to burn to much leave
 
 I will be driving to hard to have them with me. and I am litterally giong to be running nonstop
 
 ?
 
 they are staying in Tucson with the babysitter.
 
  wanna see you even for a short time tho
 
 poop head
 
 ugggg
 
 :P
 
 that way it is out there if the need comes up
 
 they aren't comign.
 
 just sayin
 
 okay
 
 I want Saundra and adam...
 
 lol
 
 so I might be in LV for a week(ish) sometime in Febuary
 
 Maybe...
 
 'well... you know what I mean
 
 quickest. HAHA  doesnt work when you are in different states and continents
 
 if you agree
 
 do what you do... things can be amended later if need be... but for all involved
 
 do what is best and quickest for the kiddos... and most peaceful
 
 and if she does
 
 at least she can state she is supporting. HAHA
 
 if she doesnt pay it looks bad if she goes for custody
 
 so we just dont wanna deal with it. 
 
 so no ability to hand receipt and give breaks when she's broke
 
 I have primary custody
 
 she has not 'required' Child SUpport since its all required to go through state agency if you get it. 
 
 yup
 
 good thing I did mine. lol
 
  and so was he
 
 so through out the papers I was able to keep finding loop holes for the first few years..
 
 = 0 on our papers
 
 the idiot who typed them up kept changing who was the petitioner and who was the other...
 
 which only requires the petitioners signature. ME
 
 nothing was fought on. lol so everything is signed but me and the judge page
 
 it shouldnt be hard since everything is already signed
 
 yea.. lol
 
 good luck..
 
 hopefully
 
 \nIn Kansas
 
 there is a minimum waiting period of 60 days. This is from the date a spouse is served with the Petition for Divorce until the divorce is finalized.\n\nI should be ok since it was awhile ago
 
 brb
 
 read this and see if it helps any
 
 http://www.ehow.com/list_6197520_divorce-procedures-kansas.html
 
 because all of our papers are signed
 
 I just need to file
 
a nd have the final signature with the judge
 
 I had restraining orders and orders of protection filed
 
 so that caused some delay also
 
 IDK
 
 I didn't know if Ks has the whole 60 day requirement like some states
 
 like I said
 
 he contested all the way
 
 I dont know why it would be a problem
 
 that doesnt help. lol  if Az wont do it since its KS Papers
 
 I want to drive to KS file and appear and final sign in less than a week
 
 but he also filed petition after petition during it too
 
 I filed in August or the end of August... and was finalized in October.. he never showed up for the court case...
 
 I'm 5'8" and weitgh 187 lbs
 
 I knowyou and Allen actually went to court but how long did it take from filing to final signing with the judge fror your guy's divorce?
 
 too fat for what?  
 
 annnnd I have a fitness test coming up
 
 Air Force says I'm fat so I'm fixing it
 
 good luck
 
 when you figure it out
 
 share with me....
 
 tryin to figure out how to lose 45 pounds by July
 
 at work. lol looking at bill
 
 being bored. lol
 
 lol
 
 nutin
 
 hey wuts up?
 
 boo :)
 
 take care dear
 
 Talk to you soon
 
 Love you too
 
 well............. I love you
 
 hugs and kisses to the kiddos and you.. talk to you soon
 
 you left...
 
 her birthday is on the 15th of this month
 
 I have to head out soon... I think that grandma and I are going to have a garage sale when it warms up[
 
 ewwww
 
 yea they are back
 
 I drove to Boise to get them
 
 and are they back yet
 
 I know
 
 but did you enjoy it at all?
 
 The kids were at Marissa's for christmas
 
 I will try and talk to him a little more.. so he knows that I am here for him
 
 Did you all have a good Christmas?
 
 I know
 
 he gets in those moods and then talks to allen and I dont think that he realizes that it starts a cycle of stuff..
 
 noone can do anything until he verbalizes he wants out
 
 I think that is what he is holding over austins head....grandma said that austin feels stuck in the middle between me and allen
 
 I dont talk to allen or pass messages thru austin... 
 
 then he cost me 6K in lost military pay
 
 so I told him to shove it
 
 hmm... owing money... sounds familiar
 
 he tried that with me. 
 
 I know
 
 but I guess that Allen says that Austin now owes him the 2500 for the van and repairs even though allen is the one driving it as his drunk car\n
 
 good
 
 Austin
 
 and hippee van is not a good idea
 
 Austin has lost his van\n
 
 I know that Kayla got married and has a kiddo... there is another one... and I think it is eric that stays for periods of time\n
 
 amber
 
 and I forgot the older ones name.
 
 Kayla
 
 Eric
 
 or who?
 
 plus she has a kid that comes and visits
 
 please
 
 he smokes
 
 he drinks
 
 he yells and can be violent
 
 he is hardly there
 
 has Austin preparing for the designated driver position 
 
 and they all have animals..\n
 
 not horrible
 
 Austin
 
 Dakotah
 
 Dee
 
 Allen.  4 people 3 bedrooms
 
 Allen has a good hold over my abilities... but have not given up
 
 grandma and grandpa have invited him to come there
 
 but he is strong behind Allen\n
 
 It isnt good at all.. now Dee has moved back in and on top of Allen
 
 it is over crowded...
 
 they need out of that house
 
 Austin is coming here next weekend to hang out
 
 he tried at christmas but has me take him home after a couple of hours instead of staying awhile\n
 
 good.. I didn't see that coming but by now I guess they know that Allens isn't the best place
 
 grandpa took Dakotah and austin with the boys bowling this weekend..\n
 
 good 4 you\n
 
 That is what I sent her
 
 This message comes with a large warning
 
 you will not like this message
 
 but I have held my tongue as long as I can manage. As I do not know all of the details I will not try to assume that I know anything about the situation that I am getting ready to discuss. \nAll I know is that Dakotah did something to cause you to kick him out of your house and he was sent to a boys home
 
 I know that he went through a couple different homes before one he was at finally closed
 
 leaving him without a place to go since you refuse to house the child you adopted. (as stated
 
 I do not know what he did
 
 nor am I asking) All I know is that between the family
 
 SOMEHOW you all found it in your best interests to send him to Allen. I know more about that man then any of you will ever know. That household is not condusive to raise children
 
 and he is not a man that should be trusted. If you would like examples I would gladly give them to you. The only reason that Tiffany and myself made it out alive is because we knew how to deal with him. Austin and Dakotah do not. I am trying to find a way to get Austin out of that household currently
 
 but Allen has enough connections that I do not have the fiscal freedom to take him headon. I do not know what Dakotah did
 
 but a boys home is 100% better than Allens. Please help get him out of there. \n\nv/r\n\nA. Phillip Johnson\n\nP.S. I have not spoken to Allen since 2008 and do not plan to do so ever again
 
 unless at a point when I am removing Austin from that household.\n..
 
 hmmm
 
 I sent Paulette a message finally about my thoughts on Dakotah...
 
 I just pissed off the Johnsons
 
 (almost guaranteed)
 
 hey whuts up?
 
 aloha
 
 aloha
 
 It got down in the low 40s the other night
 
 but was up to 60 by like 10am
 
 Hey... hope that everyone is doing well.... miss everyone... hugs and kisses... should be on and off all day today.... has it been cooler there yet?\n
 
 Its retarded
 
 he doesnt need any more control over children
 
 I can't get a straight answer from anyone
 
 so do you know why Dakota is living with allen?
 
 :)
 
 why? lol
 
 he still needs the finger LOL
 
 rofl
 
 finger or banana?
 
 he decided he didn't want the thing after that
 
 ok fine.. TOmmy. I'm pretty sure banana and red does NOT make yum
 
 We glued it back together
 
 That was Tommy .... he decided to slice it along with the banana that he wanted to eat
 
 aloha
 
 soooo..... why did William decide to cut h is finger in two?
 
 Hi
 
 :P 
 
 all i know is that the boys home wher he was had closed down and there was no one in the family to take him in
 
 so allen decided to take him
 
 Paulette and Mike signed and provided all the paperwork for guardianship and such..
 
 I never got a straight answer from anyone
 
 oh .. do you konw why Dakota is at Allens?
 
 okay... making dinner 
 
 should be on later tonight
 
 let me know if you need my address
 
 brb.. going to grab laundry
 
 when he was with me
 
 he just slept with everyone elses wife
 
 and civilian courts dont give a damn about adultry
 
 since she was married
 
 so in Ks its legal age
 
 yup
 
 and he will throw that into court just to do it
 
 well he didn't sleep with your wife. 
 
 I know that one too well
 
 and Allen has money that he hides to throw at lawyers
 
 and with mine and Allens past... that will be an UGLY court battle
 
 neither does his dad
 
 and look where he is..LOL
 
 I dont have a leg (or money) to stand on for Austin
 
 love it
 
 too cool
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/link.html?uc32rnkllxz%2c12%2c1
 
 you should go for custody of Austin
 
 that is cool.. room enough for all of us to move into right?  LOL
 
 I found another house I'm looking at possibly buying down here. 
 
 boys are good
 
 dont really see austin other than after school....
 
 okay you can mail it to us
 
 not sure where you would fax it to if you did
 
 so just drop it in the mail..do you need our address?
 
 so how are the kids
 
 austin
 
 you
 
 etc.....
 
 okay..
 
 to texas\n
 
 right now I have my supervisor as the alternate just so we can have one on file so I can go TDY
 
 I am going to figure out tomorrow if I can fax it to you to sign and fax back or... if I ahve to mail it to you and have you sign and mail back. 
 
 I guess so
 
 we could figure something out if it came to that... I may hae to quit my job
 
 but we could do it
 
 it would be incase my primary and secondary couldn't watch the kids
 
 that care plan thing I was talking about awhile back
 
 yea 
 
 for the kiddos?
 
 what is that?
 
  can I put you on a Family Care plan as an Alternate?
 
 just peace...
 
 peave love and war?
 
 ok
 
 love you too talk to you later
 
 will be online later tonight
 
 hope you get to go home soon.... you keep going on and off line
 
 we are going to head out to the store.... luv you
 
 and I'm stuck at work
 
 so the kids and Nikki are at the house with the doors locked and the windows shut
 
 yes my house is on base
 
 but yea
 
 everyone is stuck in whatever building they were in when it got locked down
 
 is your place on base?
 
 hmmm
 
 okay
 
 I would filp
 
 but if you werent the one doing the shooting
 
 all is good
 
 right?
 
 I might leave work... eventaully
 
 okay
 
 we luv you... stay safe
 
 and keep those kiddos safe too
 
 well CNN started it saying shootings and and and and.. so you konw you would all flip out
 
 ooo thanks you know how us old people are
 
 yup just figured i would point it out before you or grandma and grandpa heard it on CNN and flipped out
 
  is everything okay?
 
 interesting..
 
 its still going on
 
 yup
 
 so you are locked down or is that done?
 
 is that your base?
 
 lol
 
 go to www.kvoa.com
 
 I'm good
 
 hey
 
 you always catch me checking really quick on my way out.. how r you?
 
 lol
 
 HOLA
 
 luv ya
 
 I'm not good with pictures
 
 uuuu yup
 
 haha
 
 and... maybe
 
 and love you all too
 
 fun fun fun fun 
 
 miss u. luv you.... hugs and kisses.... and want PICTURES... hee hee\n
 
 fun
 
 just making dinner here... getting ready to run to the store then to bed... have to be at work super early in the am
 
 cuz boys get out at 1 tomorrow... plus have som papers to grade.
 
 workin
 
 wut doin?
 
 aloha
 
 hey you
 
 BOO!
 
 okay
 
 well work on that!  Send pictures.. luv you
 
 ok Love you all
 
 and have fun. It all goes well
 
 you'll meet her whenever I get back to Kansas
 
 no clue when
 
 getting ready to head out to get Tommy from school in 5
 
 i hope that it is a good thing for you two.... and the kiddos
 
 cool
 
 I dont know
 
 but he was slapped ( not allowed) and told to eat in the car while everyone else was in the resturant
 
 nope Tucson local
 
 so is she in the military
 
 I have. and what did William do?
 
 anyways.. austin has been bummed
 
 send your brotherly luv to him
 
 Boys send luv.. they went out of town with gma and gpa.. and gpa decided to lay hands on William.. slapped him in public...
 
 but yea I started seeing her when I got here
 
 haha
 
 all u need is a scratchers to make money'
 
 lol ............... not
 
 Its an easy way for me to make money haha  you take the bet
 
 I win the bet
 
 lol
 
 still thinking...
 
 soo... you still wanna take that 12 month bet from time of divorce? LMAO
 
 good for you
 
 okay smart ass....ooo so she is the polar opposite of u eh?  LOL
 
 she's 24
 
 has a 4 yr old girl and a 2 yr old boy
 
 I'm seeing a woman :P thought the 'in a relationship' gave it away. lol
 
 lol
 
 again.. wuz up?
 
 okay
 
 fidured it was about time to update it. lol
 
 wuz up
 
 yeeeeeeeesssss?
 
 :P
 
 saw Kayla's photo with Dee... hope that D doesnt pass on to your father all the info on the puter...  \nmiss talking with you kiddo.... hope to see you soon...\nWe all send our luv.....
 
 :P :P :P
 
 I dont know. lol You were online but.... you left. so I put I didnt do it. HEHE sooo :P
 
 what is this message about.....??? dont leave me hanging
 
 I didnt do it
 
 Love you guys too. Miss everyone
 
 just sending kisses and hugs...
 
 I tried
 
 Can't put Step anything. Still working on it.
 
 miss u like crazy... u forgot to put Bill down as step dad kiddo
 
 hey sexy thing
 
 how are you?
 
 whats wrong?
 
 :P
 
 My number is 0019136690173 :) lol not sure if you get long distance texts lol
 
 hey hun
 
 well now... that doesnt help. :P
 
 haha idk :P
 
 So when are you swinging into town? :) :P
 
 oh well. anyways
 
 at least if he checks your messages
 
 he will know that I was just fucking with you. lol\n\nbut keep me updated on the other stuff.
 
 Laptop dead cant
 
 Delete messages. lol
 
 He has my password so
 
 good
 
 so dont tell Ethan
 
 cuz he would take it wrong. lol\n\nEspecially if you do come over to drink.
 
 I know
 
 I'm just fucking with you
 
 please know that
 
 Haha
 
 lol
 
 Sorry laptop died
 
 I was joking hun. lol ... but... you said ethan would kill me
 
 but you didnt say no. LMFAO
 
 haha oh im sorry i just tagged random ppl as random things hahah
 
 sorry
 
 you hadn't talked in awhile. and.. you tagged me as 'creepy' in one of your photo things. soo that is why I removed you...\n\nfigured you didn't want to talk...
 
 its a general joke that just about anyone will make since you said you were a Christmas present. I was contemplating that joke or "can I shake you to see ifyou break?"
 
 lol yea my mum read tht 
 
 can I open you? :D\n\nGood night
 
 I hope your dad is ok. \n\nstill up for babysitting for an hour or so so I can run to the gym?
 
 ..
 
 Night
 
 goodnight sexy.
 
 K
 
 good night. IT would be nice if you could babysit during naptime tomorrow so I could run to the gym for a little bit. just let mek now
 
 nite
 
 thought you were messaging me when you got home and a minute to come out and talk
 
 srry
 
 well fine then :P
 
 im in bed
 
 are you home and able to step outside for a minute?
 
 yea lol
 
 I would say if you wanted to stop by here first. But I know your mum is heading to the hospital.. let me know when you are home
 
 she is gone
 
 and you can step outside for a smoke real quick.
 
 oh lol ima drive home in like 20 min
 
 I was going to see if I could come down there and talk to for a minute. since your brothers will be awake
 
 and mine are asleep (about possibly babysitting during the day tomorrow so I can go to the gym)
 
 not yet y
 
 you at home?
 
 Idk
 
 soo
 
 when are we gonna watch our movie
 
 and you babysit? lol\n\nWhat are you doing tomorrow?
 
 me to
 
 oh ok. I'm sorry
 
 I hope that he is ok. \n\nand I guess you can babysit
 
 and we can have our movie another time. lol
 
 no my dad was rushed to the hospital and my mom needs to use the car so i have to drive back to my house at ten give my mom the keys an watch my brothers
 
 so now you can't babysit at all?
 
 no but im getting your messages to my phone oh and im sorry dont think i can hun
 
 You still online?
 
 goodie
 
 ok i'll ask
 
 well
 
 let me know what they say. I will more than likely have you babysit either way\n(I dont have the car so I am walking that is why I asked about the time. lol)
 
 its ok lol
 
 I'm going to go clean
 
 so when you figure it out
 
  message me on here. and I'll check it from time to time. (sorry the house is a mess)
 
 ok lol
 
 well that blows. lol you should ask if you can babysit till like 2-230 since its just a block down teh road. HAHA
 
 Parents lol
 
 hmm.... I'll have to think..\n\nWhy so early? Just wondering
 
 Only till 12 if i can lol
 
 soo no staying out till the bar closes at 2? :D
 
 1230-1
 
 how late is too late?
 
 Yea but cant stay out to late
 
 so was that you offering to babysit? ;)
 
 Nope
 
 soo you aren't doing anything after they get back at 10?
 
 the parents
 
 what do you mean?
 
 they?
 
 wat time cuz they will be back round 10pm
 
 ok
 
 Sorry
 
 trying to find a sitter for tongiht so I can actually go out
 
 yea then i have to go work at the club
 
 and you are babysitting tonight already aren't you?
 
 Im sorry
 
 nope
 
 i thought i messaged u 
 
 yesterday... remember?
 
 wat 
 
 just said you couldn't babysit
 
 instead of dragging it out ... \n\nPhillip
 
 just curious
 
 .I kinda need to know if you can babysit
 
 awe lol
 
 5 things you lik about me and or 5 things you hate about me tell it to me through inbox
 
 comment
 
 chat or text.....then post this as your status to see what people say(=\n\nLike\n1. sexy\n2. good kisser (I want to kiss you again :D )\n3. short :)\n4. bouncy\n5. **censored*** (sorry
 
 got to come over to hear this one ;) )\n\nDislike\n1. you have a bf\n2. you are 17 (but I'd still date you
 
 now)\n3. its a pain in the ass to get in touch with you\n4. you ignore most of my messages\n5. and you dont come see me enough
 
 Have you asked your parents about babysitting?
 
 just wondering
 
 Hope you get some sleep. \n\nwhat did your parents say about babysitting?
 
 just curious
 
 about friday?
 
 have you asked them yet?
 
 ok lol
 
 and you can make a little money babysitting
 
 and watch a movie with me. and just have a good time :)
 
 Ill let u know
 
 Let me know what your parents say about babysitting.
 
 Ok
 
 well :P ask then.
 
 Ok i still have to ask lol
 
 soo. how about Friday night then? I'll let you know what time in a couple days. just let your parents know you are babysitting
 
 Idk
 
 so which night would you prefer Friday or Saturday?
 
 Ok
 
 so it would just be you coming over?  I figure I would go to the club for a little bit after the kids go to bed
 
 and when I get back we could chill and watch a movie..\n\nDoes that sound ok?
 
 sure lol
 
 soo want to babysit on Friday or Saturday? ;)
 
 thtd be good lol
 
 if you wanted I could ask you to babysit
 
 and we could watch a movie before I leave or before you go home...
 
 ok i'll try 
 
 anyways. lol I would love it whenever (if you watned to) come over and watch a movie or something... :)
 
 either a friend or whatever you want :) lol
 
 for wat
 
 And if you would like to give me a chance I would love one. :)
 
 picture :D
 
 you ok?
 
 I think I can handle you and can sweep you off of your feet. :) what do you think?
 
 you can always come over to my place fora little bit if you want to. \nMovie
 
 a drink or two
 
 a couple smokes. Nothing big...
 
 lol I was kinda being a little bit serious. lol\n\nlike coming over for a movie
 
 maybe dinner. lol\n\n\nIf you come over you can have a drink or 6 if you want. lol
 
 haha sure lol
 
 soo. you want me? ;) lol
 
 lol ummm ur nice and kinda i think ny girl is luky to have u
 
 so does that mean I get to take you out? lol ;)\n\nand.. What do you think of me? (I answered you
 
 so what do you think of me? at least what you know about me)
 
 lol its ok 
 
 I am sorry about the offer. I didnt mean anything bad by it (or I tried not to) \n\nI would love to take you out. (but.. you have a bf) \n\nand (I guess) I am older then you. LMAO
 
 haha awe lol 
 
 lol yea
 
 ok
 
 not a problem. I am definately not mad or anything like that (it was a bad idea to begin with. lol)
 
 Honestly
 
 I'm curious
 
 I think that you are very attractive
 
  I would love to spend time with you. (as whatever you want. friends
 
 etc..)\n\n\nand I think it kinda sucks that you have a bf.
 
 just reasons
 
 so was there a specific reason about the 'no'? I am just curious
 
 not mad or anything like that
 
 thanks
 
 :)
 
 any particular reason for the "no" to the other thing?  Just wondering..
 
 ok well i am free so just ask lol
 
 oh... ok. :( let me know if you change you mind\n\nBut I will probably ask you to babysit eventually incase I want to go out
 
 babysitting yes i cant do what we planed though 4 many reasons
 
 SMile
 
 so you still up for possibly babysitting sometime?
 
 lol when do you get ungrounded? So I know when I would be able to ask you to babysit if I need too.
 
 why?
 
 soo. If I bet on you on a drift.. would I make money
 
 you there?
 
 oh ok. well let me know when you can get back on chat
 
 I don't want to talk about it in messages. .. ...
 
 no im helping a friend
 
 did I make you upset?
 
 im not offended
 
 I thought you would get a kick out of the comical proposal. ;)  Please dont be offended by my crude humor. :(
 
 what would you say about stepping outside for a smoke?\n\nand.. just curious.
 
 why do you have my other account blocked?
 
 Do you think you would be up for coming over and hanging out one night? (we can even say your babysittin) lol\n\nAnd.... I was wondering when I could show you my comments to your pictures?? ;) lol
 
 9135475220
 
 Dont
 
 I do know the number
 
 Txt me I had to reset my phone
 
 :D
 
 
 
 
 
 Have to try and get back for kids school on monday
 
 We left like 4 hours ago
 
 Hey what's up I just got off work 
 
 913 669 0172
 
 ... K
 
 Omw to work
 
 What up
 
 Kk
 
 Im downloading a thing that figures it out from the laptop manufacturer
 
 Try a generic one
 
 Idk the manufacturers and neither does the laptop lol
 
 Google network adapter driver download
 
 
 
 
 
 Ill try i have to dl the and move them over
 
 Go to Microsoft and see if you can install the 7 patches
 
 This shit is crazy
 
 Hell idk if its even 32 bit to 128
 
 It wont connect theough LAN rither
 
 I have
 
 Restart then.   
 
 No clue built like normal 7 says it has networks available but none come up
 
 Wifi driver...   Does it have a wireless router? Or is it built in?
 
 Fuuuck so this is gonna take forever
 
 Youll have to google by. What ur looking for. Andthen look up the drivers
 
 A few and it needs one to pick up wifi
 
 camera
 
 and a few others
 
 If so. Microsoft.com
 
 Do you know which ones?
 
 This computer im working on is missing drivers
 
 Whats up
 
 Hey call me i need some help
 
 Ahh
 
 Havent gone dates on the 6th
 
 How did court go
 
 Call me 9135475220
 
 Allen Phillip missed a call from Austin.
 
 Hey boyyy
 
 Whatcha doing?
 
 Pm-am.   Am-pm
 
 Im 5-12 the rest of this week
 
 We can hang out tomorrow night or thisvweekend.
 
 Imma be at grandmas and grandpas with nicholas because we are painting the porch in the Morning
 
 Um i wanna play when i get off tonight wyd?
 
 Borrowing ur GameCube:p
 
 Austin missed a call from Allen Phillip.
 
 Open da door punk
 
 Ill head ur way in like 10min
 
 Kk
 
 Moms until i drop off sadie at 230
 
 Duh.  Whee you at
 
 You better come see me while u here
 
 Lol yupp
 
 Auto grain harvester auto mob farm
 
 Ahhh
 
 I did online servers. But i liked building and testing with redstone.   On pc
 
 Never liked too much tbh
 
 I'm thinking of starting minecraft again lol
 
 Not even a little
 
 Fun
 
 Cleaning bored af
 
 Nothing.  U?
 
 Hey whats up
 
 I already knew that \U000fe334\U000fe334
 
 Actual divorce.  Im trying to get her to settle but shes dumb
 
 I figured that y
 
 My kids
 
 For what?
 
 Yup same here.  Im desperately trying to avoid another hearing lol
 
 Just hope all goes well in court
 
 Yea.   I didnt say you didnt lol
 
 But i feel likei have a pretty goodcase
 
 I believe it
 
 Its better. Ow than 10 yrs ago
 
 Full of ignorant hicks
 
 Lucky you im stuck in this bible thumping republican shithole
 
 Yup.. Arizona is almost 50/50 m/f preference
 
 Thats fucking stupidi have tojump through all these hoops to do anything andshe gets whatever she wants
 
 But... Shes female.  Youd be surprised
 
 But in the eyes of the state she is already an unfit parent because she stopped going to her wic appointments and let it expire
 
 so from their point of view who is buying her food? \U000feb9f
 
 Its a huge fucking mess
 
 Right?
 
 Fun
 
 
 
 It does get better
 
 And i have proof of harassment
 
 Oh ya i know thats why im takingall these precautions
 
 Youre on eggshells. Just remmeber that
 
 I get it
 
 If your word it right you could do it.  If you dont word it right itll hurt you and youll be seen as trying to fuck with her
 
 And its gonna suck for her when i piss clean and she dont\U000fe329
 
 I couldnt see her so i wanted to make sure she was safe
 
 then when dcf did their check
 
 magically myvisitation was cancelled
 
 No. Dont bring that up shell bring that up and itll hang her.  If you bring it up its seen as bitchy
 
 
 
 Oh i will and i will also bring up that the only reason visitation was canceled was bcuz i sent 2 cops ad dcf to her house for welfare checks and dcf is investigating her \U000fe334
 
 Make sure your attorney brings up how long you go without visitation during your hearing
 
 I bet then her mom said im no longer allowed near their property and i did file a report on her brother i just didnt press charges
 
 State. In ur bearing that youve been denied visitation.   They hate that
 
 She triedto log into my fb and change my password to get into it
 
 Then shegot buthurt cuz i set dcf to her house and she canceled a visitation i havwnt see sadie in like 2 weeks
 
 Just keep ur head down and the next time you get threatened. File a police report 
 
 Since i obviouslystill have my job\U000fe334\U000fe334\U000feb9f
 
 Wouldnt help but thwy can try i guess
 
 Lolthat would be hilarious
 
 But he might get called by her attorney. If theyre stupid
 
 Ontop of all that vanah let her wic expire
 
 Ok
 
 Well. He can do a notary statement and u could not call him as witness
 
 He doest want to get summoned i already tried
 
 Just keep gathering evidence.  See if ur gm will sign a statement
 
 And they keep fuckin up like her brother came and threatened me and her mom talked to my gm to try and get me to lose my job
 
 Lol thats what im tryin to do
 
 And just cuz ur playing civil dont mean you gotta be nice. Marissas first4th thing she brought up against me was paternity and i still smashed her
 
 Good
 
 Yupp ik i quit alit of shit so i would hsve a better chance
 
 So. Check ur steps.  Aight
 
 Ur in ks.   Its still mother heavy in the court system. That's y marissa tried to hide the kids there
 
 Oh ya ik ive been staying away from it all rn trying to build a better case
 
 Remember.  Being civil. Especially in court will save your ass.. Trust me
 
 Hopefully sendin her ass to jail for filing s false policereport
 
 Got court on the 6th
 
 Ok i guess
 
 lotta bs vanah tryin to serve me with a restraining order already served mom just kinda waiting on my attorney
 
 So.. Hows everything else?
 
 Lol
 
 Not bad 
 
 
 
 Nope
 
 Oh and u seen my new gf yet?
 
 Tired af tbh suprise party till 4am last night
 
 sonic from 11-3
 
 delivering from 4:30 to 9 then bday party for my friend mikayla then cosmic bowling bday party forcthis girl allie
 
 What's up
 
 Heating to work I highway. Can text I like 30
 
 Hey whats up i just got home
 
 Lol good
 
 This time there are papers.   Any funny business and she does not pass go straight to jail
 
 Funn funn well hope there aint no more bs
 
 Yup.  Gotta get them.  See everybody and get back to tucson
 
 Sounds like it
 
 But adam has a doc appt here on the 27th. That should be interesting scheduling
 
 Picking the kids up. Court ordered summer with marissa. I pick them up on the 24th july
 
 Sweet what for?
 
 :p.  And imma be in town the last part of july for like 2 or 3 days
 
 Ya i get it
 
 It should be getting close to harvest so make sure you bet out there and help some. Yard garden etc..  At some point
 
 Nah not really been pretty busy here in town just tryin to get by ya know? I dont hsve money for tge gas to drive down there
 
 True. Then just dont sell \U0001f333:p\n\nHave you been out to gma and gpa's recently
 
 Ya but then its harder to sell it and make money
 
 Get yo butt to tucson and weed is legal :p
 
 Aahhhh
 
 When ingot here i was still inthe military lol
 
 Like totally the third thing i would do after i got there would be to get a card
 
 I was never into tree in school lol
 
 Because havent had the need lol
 
 Why?
 
 Theres 2 in town i think.   I know one for sure.  And like 15 doc offices.  Havent been
 
 Oh what ever how are the dispensaries up there?
 
 Lol. Well fine then :p
 
 And i would go to kingman and live with my bro that moved out there
 
 Pretty sure vanah wont let that happen because im sure as hell im not leavin her here
 
 Well.  Get your skrawny ass to tucson
 
 Shitty as fuck but im dealin with it i live in lv come on now
 
 Fun fun. Hows life and all the other shit goin
 
 Chillin flippin tree cuz i was off tonight
 
 Beem playing castle clash on my phone and looking for a job. You
 
 Hey what u up yo
 
 That kool
 
 Hey more gets done faster. I'm on 3different instruments and coding in 3different languages this semester
 
 Lol fuck that
 
 At school between 12-16hours a day currently lol
 
 A lot bro wbu?
 
 What's up
 
 Hey
 
 Hey what's up
 
 No right now I'm just trying to keep up with stuff for Sadie let alone think about moving that far away...
 
 Y'all figure out if you wanna move down here yet
 
 So it's whatever
 
 Don't worry about it I just asked mom for some of the stuff Paulette brought over there for Sadie and she told me no that it was hers
 
 Ok
 
 I'm out of options
 
 show dad my link I've been posting on Facebook
 
 see if he knows anyone to share it with
 
 the only advice i have is don't bash on fb
 
 I don't know
 
 y'all need to figure it all out (I'm not trying to sound like a Dick) but this is the first tine ever i haven't had my kids and I'm looking at a starting price of like 4k to get them back
 
 plus $300 /hr  so I'm a little stressed
 
 she hasn't answered her phone in three days
 
 and I'm still working full tine on top of everything
 
 She sent my daughter home with no formula
 
 after we sent her half a can and she was there a day
 
 told me I was wrong
 
 made such a big deal about gas money
 
 even though the only reason she took her was because I was going to pay her
 
 and when I texted her earlier asking when I was getting Sadie
 
 all she told me was "gas money would help" then has the audacity to tell me she doesn't have any of my daughters stuff
 
 I'm not trying to sound unsupportive
 
 but i have So much shit going on currently trying to get my kids back i can't dive into anything else. Just tell me what happened
 
 Get her side first I wanna know what she tells you
 
 What now
 
 You need to talk to mom she's fucking  insane
 
 Kk
 
 We have a friend who might know where she is he is getting back to us
 
 Separated?\n\n\nsee I'd you can get Marissa s address
 
 but don't start any shit k?
 
 Ok I'm just trying to get things figured out right now because I can't stay here anymore
 
 No clue
 
 I'll talk to Nikki tomorrow
 
 I'm atty work til 10pm
 
 Figure it out with dingy
 
 Ok so what's the plan if I go out there
 
 Workin on it I'm kinda screwed ATM
 
 Well figure it out booooooyyyy lol
 
 Go out there
 
 not be able to find a job and not have anywhere to go
 
 and now I have a friend who wants to go room with me in Lawrence but the same applies I don't have a vehicle and no job here so I'm stuck arm cuz dad was no help with a car he just wanted to fuck me over
 
 ? Burned how
 
 And now
 
 I don't know cuz I don't wanna go all the way out there and get burned...
 
 Well istarted talking to her about it and she said her biggest issue was leaving all her family behind
 
 Well talk to dingbat se if she wants to move
 
 I don't know what I want but I feel like it would be a better opportunity and I'm not getting any help here... I don't eat it to be a right now thing but I'm definitely considering it
 
 Hey what's up
 
 What did you decide?
 
 Yip lol
 
 Well that's cuz you work too much to sleep
 
 I ain't salty
 
 I'm caffeinated
 
 Lol don't be salty
 
 only took ya two months :p
 
 Hey what's goin on?
 
 What's up
 
 Me and Marissa basically starved when Adam was born
 
 Do odd jobs etc...
 
 Churches sometimes help
 
   try footstamps to offset food costs.  But for they most part everyone is broke
 
 I can't afford diapers but do you see anyone helping me
 
 I can't afford to go to Kansas
 
 Ya and what about everyone else
 
 They came down because i couldn't afford to go there and i have 5 kids they hadn't met
 
 I hope you know that the only reason Larry and alice came down there is because nobody else speaks to them right 
 
 Not really I have to deal with her parwnts
 
 Fun fun
 
 Nothing sitting at savanahs
 
 Wats up
 
 I was playing in a magic tournament
 
 What are you up to?
 
 :p
 
 even though I techinically belonged to the military at that time
 
 it was because I was in his house
 
 which is why he was able to legally put me on house arrest before I shipped out
 
 basically been there. lol
 
 Ok
 
 careful. depending on the lawyer
 
 if you are living with him
 
 he might be able to get a courtorder or force one
 
 so just keep it in your head
 
 if he plays hard ball the final F you would be to move out
 
 then he 'lawfully' has no power over you
 
 Before she's born*
 
 Yupp he's tryin I told him no imma be 18 beg
 
 so I heard though the grapevine
 
 that Allen is pulling an Allen again. like he did on me. 
 
 ATM nuthin
 
 movin out of the trailor
 
 dealin with money issues with the soon to be here baby
 
 on antidepressants and anti-anxiety pills because of Cody and I smoke myself stupid daily to deal with it all
 
 Been through most of it so tag to me :p\nWhat's up
 
 I don't think ur mad at me? And meh I've been a little overwhelmed lately
 
 hey punk whats up?
 
 What have you been up to? Any new s you forgot to mention? :p and why do you think I'm mad at you
 
 lol its funn tho
 
 Bored
 
 why did you do that?
 
 Stopped playing about a month ago why
 
 hey get on potfarm
 
 You know you want it
 
 Your a dork dude
 
 What? Lol
 
 Wow
 
 14:46http://www.nirvanashop.com/en/regular-marijuana-seeds/780-snow-white-10-seeds.html lol
 
 Yupp
 
 ouchies
 
 Stomach pains because of my ulcer and my full bladder
 
 which I get taken out on Monday
 
 y?
 
 Sittin at my friends house cuz I checked out of school
 
 what are you doin?
 
 hey punk
 
 chek out the vid i posted
 
 1A0E18 and put taht
 
 click load config
 
 go to the link I posted
 
 yes I did. they finally made it
 
 Btw did you get your cards from gpa Andy?
 
 what? HAHA
 
 Wow....
 
 I wont tell you my ideas for a  directional pipe bomb. HAHA
 
 you apparently aren't related to me or Tiff. LMAO
 
 how did you not think of that.. 
 
 :) !!!
 
 and if you throw it hard enough
 
 it should cause a spark for the snappers/poppers
 
 and create a napalm/spark firebomb
 
 pour into tennis ball. 
 
 with the sparkler shavings
 
 
 
 drill hole in tennis ball. mis the poppers (snappers whatever they are called) 
 
 shave the sparklers. 
 
 if you go that... you have to do sparklers
 
 tennis ball 
 
 and poppers. 
 
 Lol I'm good In bomb making thanx I'll still to sparklers and electric tape
 
 just think about me and ryon when I made the tylonel bomb.
 
 no bomb making ... trust me... gets you in trouble. 
 
 Idk I kinda dropped it... I'm more interested in chemistry
 
 still working on programming
 
 or are you all photo'y now?
 
 ???
 
 so.. hows the computer conquering empire?
 
 yayaya  hahahahah boooooooobearypoo
 
 Ya... I know... Mostly boobear right?
 
 she calls you all kinds of pet names. HAHA
 
 thats been there for awhile
 
 mostly talking about you. 
 
 Nuthin much
 
 did find it a lil weird when I found ur ## I'm my gfs phone though
 
 so... whats new
 
 not bad
 
 and it keeps me up to date on my trumpet. lol
 
 Lol
 
 I only tutor him two hours a week
 
 30$ a week. 
 
 for the kid ya. 15$ an hour. 
 
 Apparently at least ur Gettin paid right??
 
 needless to say
 
 mummy and daddy are pleased with my work. HAHA
 
 out of like 13-15 trumpets. lol
 
 in 2 months he went from 2nd to last chair to 3rd chair. 
 
 and I'm tutoring a 7th grader and getting paid 15$ an hour to teach him how to play trumpet. lol
 
 Lol wow... That's kind of epic
 
 love bartering stuff. 
 
 I'm teaching a mechanic how to play the trumpet
 
 and he's working on my car for free. HAHA
 
 Listen to tub thumping by chumbawumba
 
 Lol ooollllddddd hehe mines a 73
 
 and uhh.. no.. HAHA I had to put a new tranny in my cadi. 1300$  lol
 
 heres what my nissan looks like (not mine
 
 but same color
 
 model etc..)
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;tbo=d&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=pcqLXDQRbUh2zM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.cardomain.com/ride/3364874/1987-nissan-200sx/&amp;docid=iohBWCx_HEf66M&amp;imgurl=http://memimage.cardomain.com/ride_images/3/3460/2481/33648740002_large.jpg&amp;w=400&amp;h=300&amp;ei=Zsf2UJLqD8K3iwKni4HoCQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=974&amp;vpy=478&amp;dur=1716&amp;hovh=194&amp;hovw=259&amp;tx=169&amp;ty=135&amp;sig=104266178733385229509&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=133&amp;tbnw=166&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=30&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:29
 
s:0
 
i:179
 
 You wanna pay for it?
 
 just requires a different transmission. lol
 
 technically you can convert it. lol 
 
 I didn't really have a choice due to the type of car
 
 screw stick
 
  Mines an auto. 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGOtPBka3J8
 
 Lol my van is a "4.... And a 4 speed....
 
 it has a 4cilinder in it. I'm looking at  a v6 or v8 haha
 
 :)
 
 and because think of a nissan with a stronger engine. 
 
 Look it up on rotten tomatoes.com
 
 at work. lol
 
 You need to
 
 like now
 
 havent seen it yet
 
 And why?
 
 Have you seem the movie pitch perfect
 
 you would love it
 
 ??
 
 thinking about doing an engine swap on it. lol
 
 Omg pitch perfect have you seen it yett?
 
 Cooleo.... I still have my can dude
 
 I bought a 1987 Nissan 200sx
 
 got a new car (ish)
 
 Haha
 
 cant you tell?
 
 working. lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdbHiDnbhb0
 
 What are you doin? I'm sick dude
 
 bored..
 
 dont forget to wish Grandma happy Birthday
 
 what did you think of the song you heard?
 
  see what that brings up. its hysterical if you get the one I'm thinking of. 
 
 Look up REPO Legal Assassin
 
 hell if i remember
 
 name?
 
 ya i listened to the first thing that came up
 
 you listen to any of it?
 
 HAHA told you. 
 
 deff gonna dl it
 
 and the main character is Giles from Buffy. lol
 
 give me the names it gives you whe you search
 
 hehe its amazing. 
 
 alright hold on
 
 guaranted. lol
 
 lol
 
 You'll like a song
 
 and then torrent the whole movie. 
 
 youtube the name to listen to one song out of the movie. 
 
 so confuzzled
 
 wtf?
 
 !!
 
 not for the movie. duh@
 
 just to get a taste
 
 song
 
 and listen tro a sont
 
 fuuck that torrent for better quality
 
 or youtube REPO genetic opera. soundtrack
 
 youtube it. lol
 
 ya
 
 todl ya
 
 haha
 
 told you awesome. lol
 
 in musical format
 
 wtf
 
 awesome lol
 
 and its about reposessing organs. 
 
 when shes older
 
 good. its a bloody musical. with the chick from spy kids. 
 
 ok ill put it on my list
 
  lol
 
 just watch it. its hard to explain
 
 whats it about
 
 amazing movie
 
 look up "REPO
 
 the genetic Opera." 
 
 ??? wtf?
 
 REPO the genetic opera. if you havent' watched it watch it now. lol
 
 ya
 
 have to get enough extra money to come back y?\n
 
 jw
 
 not a clue. why?
 
 do you know when you are coming back?
 
 Fun
 
 ya ive been sick for two weeks and just not really wantin to be around anyone
 
 Whats up 
 
 youve been quiet recent ly
 
 heyy
 
 hola
 
 especially me :P
 
 you havne't been talking to anyone. :P
 
 just cant sleep and what?
 
 and................. why aint you been talking?
 
 why are you awake at 1am?\n
 
 ya... same with school
 
 work early .. 
 
 well off to bed
 
 oh well right...
 
 I have a3 kill compiliation from one match
 
 but xbox wont let me render it. for some reason
 
 I've had just a 'few' of my knife kills. lol
 
 lol
 
 that kinda reminds me of this
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWU6XUW2cS4&amp;feature=related
 
 there
 
 I only have a few up. but they are all recent
 
 except for the cross map knife from the window
 
 lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/user/apjelfman/videos
 
 wow....
 
 you'll like this though. lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;v=oQZnYkDAzeM&amp;feature=endscreen
 
 mw3 wasnt really my thing
 
 well i never really liked modern warfare
 
 i only liked cod 4 and mw2
 
 you wish you were this good. lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubkhoYQi2Z0&amp;feature=plcp
 
 well i would do a system restore to before this was happening
 
 but i cant open the system restore window
 
 displays are funny..
 
 sounds like you need to wipe it. theres something somewhere
 
 but I dont kow how to mess with it
 
 plus my avast program keeps telling me everything is a malicious url
 
 only some programs will open
 
 others will run(process) but the windows wont open and they dont show up on task manager except for processes.... 
 
 .....
 
 my computer is dying slowly
 
 what?
 
 ok i need some serious help right now ::((
 
 good morning. :P
 
 heyy what you up to?
 
 kool
 
 Yup
 
 heyy look at my cover photo i just took it a few days ago and got done editing it
 
 u like?
 
 Heyy what are you upp to?
 
 hey punk
 
 im bored
 
 compensation
 
 who the fuck knows... or he has alternative motives
 
 yupperz
 
 then dad is ordering my more lenses... wonder why he is so serious about this?
 
 coolio
 
 heyy i just got my camera
 
 Canon legit just makes better cameras
 
 lol
 
 lol whats wrong with it you brand whore? :P
 
 Fuck Nikon 
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Nikon-D800-FX-Format-Digital-Camera/dp/B0076AYNXM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1336425911&amp;sr=8-1  you should ask for this one. ROFL ;)
 
 i think its a 6.1 megapixel
 
 compared to the schools 12.2
 
 but at least it is an slr 
 
 whatts the specs on it?
 
 An older model digital canon eos rebel
 
 he's kinda thick.. what did he buy?
 
 I'm using the school one for now but I just found out dad bought me one on eBay yesterday 
 
 or are you using the one from the school?
 
 what camera do you have?
 
 poor*
 
 lol im pore
 
 boo
 
 nope
 
 soo......  u got a phone again yet?
 
 Iiiiim bored
 
  no clue
 
 when are you coming back to town?
 
 you make it through the life you got. get what you can
 
 and try not to piss off too many people
 
 I was gonna say.. it might be time for me and Tiff to have an intervention with you. lol
 
 haha ya
 
 i wish i had that much hope for humanity
 
 lol good boy
 
 fuck that!
 
 you all religious and stuff and stuff now?
 
 lol ya aparently i had a brain lag
 
 hahaha
 
 i thought i taught u better :P
 
 Austin likes God????
 
 yupp
 
 now you sound like me. lol
 
 fuck if i know
 
 i only eat and sleep here during the week.... thats about it
 
 hows the asshole doing?
 
 i just got home from my friends house
 
 and why aint you doing nuttin
 
 got bored took a picture of my work boots while I was wearing them lol
 
 I have an interesting perspective pic on my phone. lol
 
 not shit
 
 just chillin.... takin pictures for photography
 
 what have you been up to punk?
 
 lol
 
 hehe... I like the back yard
 
 them*
 
 ya i saw then
 
 posted the link to the pictures
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 dont you feel special
 
 woo.. just got a house
 
 heyy what are you up to?
 
 boo!  lol
 
 ya i heard...
 
 meza bought a cadillac. HAHA :P
 
 what?
 
 Sooooo
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2876222891.html hehe
 
 haha that reminds me
 
 the auto place down across the street from lansing lumber has a hearse for sale
 
 Tiff would kill us both for this car
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2873700317.html
 
 double dibs
 
 Mwah ha ha
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2771903066.html
 
 dibs
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2821406863.html MINE you can't have it
 
 look at it
 
 or sit in it
 
 ooooh! shiny
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2838327318.html  ohhhhh pretty
 
 wow...
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2860266303.html hehe
 
 lol me either
 
 i dont do trcks
 
 hell noe
 
 i cant stand lifted trucks dude
 
 i dont... haha
 
  lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2856819357.html u want
 
 yupp...
 
 dont have a class M .. and for cycle
 
 they run around 400-1200$ (big bicycling community) and I have to have the possibility to carry my kids 
 
 or at least one of them
 
 a bike?
 
 lol
 
 and something in my price range
 
 I need a small gas saver
 
 lol :P:P:P
 
 and they are all stick shifts and my van gets like 13 mpg
 
 2001? not really old. lol
 
 i juss did
 
 why you lookin at old sports cars
 
 look at those cars
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 Looking at these three cars. HAHHA
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2843874730.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2877870041.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2876432009.html
 
 hmmm.... that sounds like fuunn
 
 Looking for a car for me. Selling the Ford on monday 
 
 so what are you up to?
 
 haha ikr?
 
 you look weird with hair my short. lol
 
 awww you like my piccc! lol jk
 
 well usually leave my computer locked anyway
 
 leaving something logged on is not the best idea at that house
 
 im nott
 
i leave my skype online
 
and it's connected to facebook
 
 and why are you online at schooll? 
 
 meza bored
 
 :D tell her I said HELLO!
 
 heyy
 
 just thought i would message you
 
 mrs. Brice told me to tell you hi!
 
 no clue. I always used the traffic cone player with an ogg attachment
 
 ?????
 
 hey i have a quick question
 
 do you know a good place to get a .MKV to .AVI converter with audio and subtitle splitting 
 
 wouldn't know
 
 I slept
 
 then got A's on the finals and midterms. lol
 
 :)
 
 ya
 
 you know its this wonderful thing where you pretend to learn stuff and other people pretend to teach it to you
 
 what? you go to school? ROFL
 
 lol heyy
 
 sorry i was at school when u messaged meh
 
 boo :P
 
 lol
 
 wow
 
 its futurey
 
 rebellion9ish)
 
 I tried to play one of the newer FF games on Xbox
 
 just can't get into it
 
 lol
 
 same
 
 what have you been up to?
 
 nuttin
 
 hey whats up
 
 rawrg
 
 yea. why did he send cards?
 
 did u get the box i sent you?
 
 Hopefully
 
 http://www.tucsonrealestateandhomesforsale.idxco.com/idx/4818/details.php?idxID=129&amp;listingID=21119433  the house I'm looking at buying
 
 you on a computer?
 
 yupp
 
 i'll be back in a min. i gotta go mail somethin
 
 lol
 
 and the only way i cheat is makin my party members heal me instead of using my own items
 
 i love wavemasters!
 
 lol its funn
 
 im lovin the japanese voiceovers
 
 oh. and DONT CHEAT :P
 
 all I got is RAPE the lower level areas for a bit to get stronger
 
 hmm.. Been awhile dont remember much. so not really
 
 tha game?
 
 for what?
 
 got any tips?
 
 from vintage stock
 
 bet that was a HEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLL NO
 
 oh i got .hack// infection yesterday
 
 ya
 
 tried that
 
 didnt work
 
 You could always ask dad if you could come live with me ROFL
 
 :P
 
 How can you work at 'unemployed' if you have a job. and look at my PIMPIN halloween costume 
 
 :P
 
 lol and then you'll be her 'pool boy" 
 
 wow... nah im workin for a friends mom
 
 she havin me and my buddy unload hella shit and put it around her farm fo her
 
 ROFL
 
 street corner?
 
 lol umm fun?
 
 but i aint got shit to do till tomorrow
 
 funn funn
 
 imma workin to make like 6 more $$ so i can reactivate my fone
 
 nuttin
 
 just picked up Dark Souls and gonna play it when I get home. lol
 
 lol heyy whats upp
 
 Boo!
 
 you do make a valid point cuz he spent years just tryin to get us both
 
 I have to go through looots of paperwork to just try and get me a house
 
 and then Allen would go to Court trying to keep you (guaranteed)
 
 I can't help currently
 
 Im done with this shit now
 
 u have to find me a way to get out of here before i take that fucking asshole out!!!!
 
 haha
 
 so... if I get it.... and if you move down here... if if if if i fif ififififiififif..... you would be staying in your own house technically. lol   but... I have a lot of work before anything is final. 
 
 Whatevz
 
 and it has a fenced in pool that needs work (just cracks) but its only 75K
 
 I found one that is 8 bedrooms 2 baths where 2 bedroom/1bath is a guest house
 
 haha
 
 I guess...
 
 haha
 
 I got told by the gf that if you moved in with us
 
 you would have to stay in teh guest house and do the dishes and take out the trash
 
 One of the houses I'm looking at
 
 http://www.realestaterangers.com/9023424_0-8885-Fillmore-Road-Tucson-AZ-85736-MLS-21119433-RES_Detail.aspx
 
 aight im joined
 
 alright thank you
 
 this is the only code you will ever get from this account. now that I accessed that account on this computer it will be blocked... just a heads up. lol
 
 http://apps.facebook.com/castle_age/raid.php?twt2=deathrune_adv_img&amp;casuser=100001835552028&amp;action=doObjective&amp;lka=100001835552028&amp;ref=nf
 
 ya
 
 haha its just the new protection... its because we are in differnet areas... you could be in Tongie and me in Lansing and the first time you sign into it from KC it would ask...  Just a new Security
 
 im thinkin its cuz we're on different continents i guess... it pulled the picture tag test...
 
 HAHA I'll see if I can get it real fast.....
 
 OMG it roadblacked me
 
 at work. lol can't log into that one. (is it your frost
 
 or a festival? or both) haha\n\ndo you have the Lionhart General? (if not
 
 kill as many soldiers in that seige you just joined of my mini's as you can) and I'll start another one so you can get more pieces. ..\n\nwe are giong to start building you and my mini's with alchemy stuff. Keira
 
 Lionhart
 
 Dragon helm
 
 Atlantis
 
 Atlantean Forcefield
 
 etc....
 
 willl you help me with muh frost dragon
 
 thats kool
 
 You know just as well as I do that they can view activity as a flow chart. and the log activity. That is why you can see if someone has logged into your account from a different location. lol\n(had someone try to log into mine from Michigan) emailed me a notice. lol
 
 lol i just didn t  want it resting on mine and if they were account mapping they would have had a link  enclosed
 
 im going to moms on sunday so i will bring it there and email it to you alright\n?
 
 Can you Scan them in and Mail them to me at allen.johnson@mildenhall.af.mil\n\nI dont have the number or anything like that.
 
 phillip we got your drivers license renewal papers in the mail today so you should get it renewed over there so you can drive when you get back in the states
 
 Assuming trump doesn't roll over and let pence rule..
 
 Trump isn't who we want
 
 but the resulting wake up call is what we need.
 
 But it can force retirement at least and start something
 
 I've known about the military corruption for much longer than this. 4 years of debate I found a lot.
 
 But everyone knows the government isn't going to prosecute numerous multistar generals
 
 If so then  I agree
 
 With that mentality you must accept corruption in the military
 
 and a need for top tier replacement
 
 We will never know for sure with Bernie. But personally for me
 
 I'm tired of the corruption. There was nothing Hillary could do to justify what she and the DNC leaders had done.
 
 The fault for majority would have brought numerous higher brass up on charges
 
 Correct. However.. She would have been on even less charges than initially since the emails originated from members other than her. Delivered to her on an unclassified terminal. (Air force Intel vet...remember) lol
 
 Yeah. He done screwed up. But as was stated originally she did have some classified materials. And intent isn't required to violate that.
 
 Hillary gained the #nottrump republican voters but Bernie would have lost them. Even half of the dem party couldn't openly accept his level of socialism. It was election suicide after the voiced opinions of Obama being to socialist in his policies . Clinton gained more votes than Bernie would have. And she won the popular
 
 Voting* not election
 
 Neither candidate was perfect and they never will be. But purposely broadcasting a reopening of an fbi case that was never even considered for reopening to the masses right before early election through main stream media should have consequemces
 
 And I won't even start on the Hillary stuff... I'm on my phone and it would take me an hour to type all my rebuttals to the misconceptions around all of her emails
 
 fbi commentary
 
 and false reporting of her
 
 By trump not having a background in politics he is at a disadvantage.
 
 Thus far (his policies) not pences aren't terrible... But the mentality that has been allowed to grow due to the perception of him is out of control. Look at my most recent post. He stated his ideal replacement for supreme court was to follow the personality of the most radical right member currently. She is against all gay rights. She wants people to be able to openly be prejudice against any religion. If he does not start strong and pay very close attention he will be a puppet for the radical right.
 
 Environmental issues will be a concern. I'll give you that. But pitch it as an economic problem and you will see a much better discussion out of him I would think.
 
 Okay. Have a little bit of time. What I really meant to say was a big fu to party leads playing dirty politics. Trump didn't win. Hilary and the DNC lost. The amount of corruption that was revealed to the public from the DNC leaks was astounding. Clinton getting away with things that my dad would be in jail for doing (referring specifically to the FBI statements
 
 not just the popular beliefs of the email scandal) pissed off a lot of people. The idea that she can get away with bashing Trump for someone he has no control over supporting him
 
 but she has no issues taking millions of dollars from countries where it is illegal to be gay
 
 where women and minorities are actually oppressed instead of just offended
 
 and nobody calls her out on it has pissed a lot of people off. \n\nHad Bernie run
 
 it would have been a landslide victory across the board. But I have a strong feeling that while a lot of third party voters were against trump
 
 far more were in protest of the type of political corruption you only see in third world "democracies" where you can vote for whoever you want but they already know who will win. Nobody wanted that to be in power. \n\nWhat we have as a result is probably the largest political awakening in this country's history. Trump is going to be watched closer than the tea party watched Obama. There is no way that he will be able to do the doom and gloom being presented. Local communities won't allow it. Cities and states won't allow it. The dems will filibuster the ever living hell out of congress. Even if he makes court nominations
 
 he wants someone who reads the constitution
 
 not the Bible
 
 as the law.
 
 Ok respond when you get off work
 
 the issue with a big fu to the party leads that you think messed up... It resulted in an entirely red government
 
 if it goes unchecked 
 
 the religious extremists will attempt to dismantle this country by destroying people and the accepted notion of equality(which isn't perfect now bit backwards is not the answer)
 
 About to clock in so very brief response. Don't get me wrong I'm not a fan of Trump or pence
 
 but I do think that in the long run this is better for America as a whole. Not individual policies but instead sending a big fu to the party leads that screwed the DNC.
 
 Pissed off* not posses.\n.
 
 Thank you. This is a very personal election for me. My stepdaughter is hispanic
 
 her stepmother is Muslim. Trump embodies all that is discrimantly wrong with this country. I have gay trans and bi friends and family. Mike pence has raged a war on the lgbt groups for years
 
 going as far as supporting conversion therapy.\n\nI do my research and present my findings
 
 as opposed to naomi (which I hope she wasn't too posses at you) she commented on my post and refused to act like an adult.  So far from trump... Guns
 
 not terrible
 
 taxes
 
 not terrible
 
 lgbt rights (were fucked) healthcare(were fucked) environmental policies (were fucked) so based off of his initial plans he's 2/5 in my book. And I'm just hoping be doesn't die because pence is worse
 
 Not saying everything is good. Just that you are taking time to look.
 
 Don't want to call you out publicly
 
 but just wanted to say it is nice to see someone actually taking time to really look at what is being proposed.
 
 lol
 
 I'm in the mood for hearing people unabridged thoughts tonight. 
 
 so... politically how are you doing? lol 
 
 Gooood afternoon Mr. Humphreys
 
 at that point
 
 you should be more upset with the Sec of Energy. lol since he said that. lol\n\nYou will never be able to please everyone and if the ban was lifted Green Peace would have a Hay Day with it
 
 Remember that we've been drilling there for a few decades now and this is the first major spill we've had.  Also
 
 we had dozens of groups that wanted to help clean up but the majority of them were turned away by the government.  The government shut down drilling not for environmental concerns
 
 but to force the price of oil up in order to perpetuate the idea that we need to switch now.  The secretary of energy even said that he'd do anything to raise the price of oil.\n\nRegardless of the unpredictability of the weather
 
 it would have been avoided
 
 or at least less severe had the government actually followed the judge's rulings and lifted the ban on drilling.  It'd be one thing if it was just lack of ability to move snow.  But there are entire swaths of land that are facing rolling blackouts because of the lack of power (coal plants) or natural gas (oil).  \n\nThis process of screwing everyone over in order to force the market to something that his supporters want
 
 which may or may not be better (ethanol was recently discovered to cause more damage to the environment than oil)
 
 is absolutely disgusting and borderline criminal.  And don't get me wrong
 
 if the repubs did something like this I'd be just as furious at them too.
 
 Hmmm banning oil drilling in the Gulf might have something to do with the Massive spill that had the potential to permanantly pollute the Ocean. And noone could have predicted the severity of the winter this year..
 
 If you've ever thought of bitcoin and random micro increment collections \n\n\nHave you checked out the BitMaker app? Sign up with my code and we will each get 20
 
000 Satoshi when you try it. Code: OFXVHY https://goo.gl/U4c1GJ
 
 Not sure what the real factor is here but figured if share in case you ever took this.
 
 Thanks. Getting my castle finished in an hourish. Went shopping for the kids and got a haircut.  That's the extent lol
 
 Happy birthday buddy. Hope you make it a good one.
 
 
 
 Haha. Nice. I haven't put my snorlax in any gyms yet.
 
 Carrizozo nm
 
 
 
 Here
 
 Now*
 
 Getting ready to leave mow
 
 Ill meet u at your place
 
 When do you wanna go? Where we meeting?
 
 Sounds like a plan
 
 We could go to the riverfront. But it's gonna be really really hot. Lol
 
 Where at
 
 Sure.
 
 Or what did you have in mind?
 
 Nothing. About to take a shower. Wanna go hunting?
 
 What ya doin?
 
 Sorry for the late reply. I forgot to set an alarm
 
 Morning
 
 Ok.
 
 On our way down. Can't stay for long.
 
 Talking to ex about kids
 
 We could go to trails to play pool.
 
 I'll pass.
 
 At toms stampede
 
 Kk
 
 I'm heading over to Brandon's.
 
 I converted cuz out was cheaper
 
 What? I thought you smoked the fake stuff. Didn't know if it would mess with you to be around regular smoke
 
 Lmfao
 
 Can you handle a smoking bar?
 
 Lol
 
 Sure. Sounds good. Let Brandon know. I think Amanda said something about tractor pull tomorrow night.
 
 We can bump the three of its too tomorrow night. And me and you grab a drink oye two and a game of pool tonight
 
 I don't mind 11 or after. But it doesn't give us much time lol.
 
 I'll be at my house. Brandon at his lol. 11pm? It might be too late for Brandon to go out. He has to work early tomorrow.
 
 Prolly 11 but I've got some quick business to deal with. Where you guys gonna be?
 
 We shall see. How far away are you?
 
 Blizzard... Thunder.... (Its flying) lol
 
 Moltres has the higher cp.
 
 Not against the others... Both have super effective moves not molt
 
 Moltres is the strongest of them all.
 
 Nope. Lol not a bandwagonner for red. Lol And like zap over arti
 
 Btw. You picked the wrong team lol
 
 Grandparents will be put of town and I don't get the kids till theb24th. So possibly
 
 If you don't have plans tomorrow. We could go check KC for Pokemon lol. Heard there are some nice hotspots around
 
 So do I. People find him randomly everywhere.
 
 Snorlax.. Neeeeed
 
 We don't have a norm here. Eevee is the norm lol. And snorlax. Which I don't have.
 
 He's grass lol. Fire is the norm in Tucson
 
 Eggsecutor is better lol. Depending on the attacks
 
 Unsung heroes.... Parasect primape venomoth lol
 
 Ah. Well. That does make sense.
 
 His atk is still high but shotty def thus scrappy cp
 
 I was disappointed to find out they made Alakazam so weak
 
 They r Inc/rare in Tucson
 
 Like everywhere lol.
 
 Jeeze. Apparently I need to stock up on eevee in ks
 
 Ah. Good point.  Clearly Eevees are common
 
 
 
 Desert. Lol growlethe are everywhere
 
 Also. I am jealous. I want an arcanine lol
 
 Wow. I'm only 40km.
 
 Lol I'm over 100km from only walking
 
 Apparently I'm slacking. I'm only halfway through 20.
 
 
 
 
 
 Cool. First round is on me.
 
 Just me
 
 Bringing the family?
 
 Lol darn.
 
 Just let me know when you're close. Btw
 
 there's no good Pokemon in Leavenworth. In case you were wondering lol
 
 Kk
 
 Brandon is up for a drink or two when you are in town
 
 We didn't exactly have the most active student government lol.
 
 Rofl
 
 I don't think they are planning anything for it.
 
 Duo you realize next year's the 10th alumni? Lol
 
 Out of all the people that hate/hated me
 
 that would be the one id want to fix. Lol
 
 Kk
 
 I think he works tonight.
 
 Drag mr. Karpierz if he doesn't still hate me for whatever reason lol
 
 He's in Texas. So no worries lol
 
 Check with whoever. Except Brenton
 
 Yea. Sounds good to me. Want me to see if Brandon is free?
 
 Drinks and pool?
 
 Haha. Didn't know if you wanted to drink or not?
 
 Well I'm messaging you lol
 
 Cool. Any plans?
 
 Ya. I'm almost to the tx nm line
 
 Tonight?
 
 I should bee inn town around 10pm
 
 Whatever you adolescent teen :p
 
 Listen here young whippersnapper. In my day
 
 youngins respected their elders. Lol
 
 Happy birthday punk
 
 
 
 Ya. We are almost back to tucson.  And no you did not make an ass out of yourself lol
 
 Hey. Did you already leave lv? Sorry if I made an ass out of myself on NYE. Lol
 
 Brandon and Justin had to save me. She wanted me to walk her home. And then cuddle with her. Like no joke. Lol.
 
 So.....  How was your girly friend? Rofl lol
 
 Which station.  And i aint got ur # anymorr
 
 Where to?
 
 At brandons now
 
 We are going to the gas station real quick
 
 Lol. Ok. I don't have to join
 
 do I?
 
 At Allen's
 
 You are slow lol
 
 Sure.
 
 Meet u at Brandons
 
 Nikki putting shoes on
 
 Hahaha. My bad.
 
 3 kids lol. Getting situated
 
 Still?
 
 Getting ready
 
 Take your time. Justin might be another 45 min
 
 We are getting ready now
 
 You can come over to my house while we wait?!
 
 Justin probably won't be in town for another hour
 
 Kk. We should be ready in acouple
 
 Just got home
 
 Well. Sweet woods I think would be the best bet. Not too country. Not too old people lol.
 
 Prolly in town
 
 Or we can go to power and lights or Westport
 
 Idk lol
 
 Which one was country lol
 
 Sonething not country lol
 
 High noon or sweet woods. And I was texting on my watch. So yea. Much harder
 
 Nuh uhhhh
 
 Lol. Mobile texting is difficult
 
 Whete we going mr thumbs up
 
 
 
 Thoughtsvon placed?
 
 I think the three-year-old will get carded
 
 Figure it out. Ill try to get nikki tocone out
 
 Have not really decided yet
 
 Where at
 
 I was going to hit up the bars with Justin. Did you have something else in mind
 
 Nikki the twins and the 3 yr old with me
 
 I'll be in town in like 40 min
 
 Just got off work.
 
 In town
 
 
 
 Watcha doing
 
 Thanks
 
 Happy birthday bro.
 
 No worries. Glad it all worked out. Thanks for hanging out while you were back. I appreciated it.
 
 Lol.  Lucky... Or lucky to have a friend like you haha
 
 Well. I'd say you were pretty lucky then lol
 
 What i have left lol
 
 
 
 I hit a lightning storm around albequerci (spelling)  amd had to pull off for the night
 
 Yup.  2.5 days way to damn long for that drive
 
 I'm glad to hear it.
 
 Im home now
 
 691miles from tucson
 
 We will be
 
 No worries. Glad to help. Safe drive home.
 
 Thank you
 
 Almostvtherr
 
 K
 
 Well. That's lucky. Let me know when you're near my house.
 
 Im at my dads.  So im still. In lansing lol
 
 Sorry bro. I didn't see the message.
 
 U at home?
 
 Getting read y to drive by ur house.  Heading towards tongi
 
 Kk
 
 Hey. I can be free anytime after 615. Please let me know when best works for you so I know if I should leave as soon as my shift ends.
 
 Probably like 9pm. Leaving town\n
 
 When are you leaving today. Btw my cell number is 913-683-3112
 
 Kk. Ill try to make sure i see ya real quick tomorrow evening ish. Before i leave
 
 Ah. I think I will have to pass on tonight. I'm still exhausted and I have to wake up at 7 tomorrow.
 
 Had more shitbpop up in tucson inly i can deal with. And only in person
 
 Wanna chill?   It looks like im leaving tomorrow night
 
 Just chilling. Playing destiny
 
 What up
 
 Outside lol
 
 I'd be down for a beer or two. Where you at? I can pick you up. I need to change first
 
 Im up for whatever
 
 Yup. I'm at my parents. Wanna hit up a bar? Or go see a movie. I'm up for any thing
 
 Where u at?    Ur parents
 
 Liiiike...
 
 Did you want to do anything?
 
 Just got back into lansing
 
 Chilling at home. You?
 
 Whatcha doin
 
 Hey. What's up?
 
 Kyle missed a call from Allen Phillip.
 
 What up
 
 What up
 
 5 or 6 of them are   1 credit music performance courses. (for next semester) and 4 of them are 1 credit courses this semester
 
 Those are short classes. 2 credit hours a piece.
 
 I'm in 16 credits 7 (or 8) i forget currently  this semseters its not bad.
 
 Nice. I did the same thing back in college. I didn't have 11 classes tho. Good luck. You'll need it.
 
 haha check out my status update
 
 Oh ok.
 
 No
 
 long story
 
 but I'm keeping it quiet
 
 let's just say i got shit to do when i get back to Tucson
 
 Did you get your kids?
 
 No clue 
 
 Marissa was supposed to being bring my kids back bit out got almost impossible to get ahold of her so here i am
 
 So not for fun reasons. How long you staying?
 
 Ya
 
 dealing with sone shit
 
 You in town?
 
 lol
 
 Ah. Well I'm sure it was fine while it lasted. I need to find something like that lol. Minus the kids. No offense lol
 
 she went back to her ex husband. its a thing. oh well.
 
 This*
 
 There's no good concerts going around. I really want to see hollywood undead. So thus mutual gf. What happened?
 
 I poof the front and keep it down for work. I need  agood concert to go to so I can spite it. and its blue. lol
 
 Looks more like a faux tho.
 
 I like my mohawk
 
 its 8 inches long
 
 with less than a half an inch everywhere else
 
 Faux hawk? And that must have been fun. Wish I was that lucky lol
 
 my gf and I had a mutual live in gf for 8 months. lol
 
 New hair
 
 
 
 There are multiple ways?!?
 
 i bet I could find some
 
 one way or the other. lol
 
 Well. Name a time And line up some female friends lol.
 
 so whenyou visiting?
 
 yup yup
 
 The more your name is out there the better
 
 Try monster too.
 
 every wher ethat was hiring according to Indeed.com in anything close to computer engineering and network analysis
 
 Well. At least it's a job. Where did you apply?
 
 its going. lol put a shitload of applications in for my career field
 
 but until then I'm working at a n agency that does in home special needs care making 8.5 an hour
 
 Yea. I've been drinking as well. Never saw repo tho. So how's it going?
 
 drinking (half a bottle in)  watching Repo the genetic opera at 125% speed. lol
 
 Eh. Yes. For the most part. You?
 
 having fun?
 
 kk thanks
 
 9136833112
 
 What's you're cell number?
 
 text me. 913-669-0172
 
 I find time. lol
 
 http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/grullish-speed-deck-need-help-please/ Here is the deckI played for awhile. Nice speed red/green. lol
 
 When do you have time to play magic lol
 
 heres the deck I'm working on for a burn/control deck
 
 http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/ral-zarek-03-05-13-1/
 
 Ral Zeraks ultimate ability is flip 5 coins
 
 take an extra turn for each head. lol
 
 couple sets ago
 
 But when did they add player cards
 
 Ah. Makes sense.
 
 make more sense?
 
 the -7  or (minus abilities) you remove loyalty counters
 
 they are considered a 'player' not a creature for damage purposes
 
 the +1 (tap one
 
 untap another) will raise that to 5
 
 when they come into play
 
 the have 'loyalty' counters (the bottom number)
 
 no. 
 
 What does the +7 mean. Do you have to tap 7 to use?
 
 http://tappedout.net/mtg-card/ral-zarek/
 
 http://gma.yahoo.com/blogs/abc-blogs/kindergartner-becomes-mensa-member-105144817.html
 
 Yea. I work for GE capital. I'm a call center junkie lol. But I've gotten in some good programs that can help me move up quickly. I'm very excited about it.
 
 and your talking about General Electric right?
 
 what do you do at GE?
 
 Sorry bro. Yea. I have been working at GE for 6 months now. And dating my girlfriend for a year. Longest relationship of my life. I get to go to a business meeting in Florida in two weeks.
 
 no
 
 you've been distant for months now :P
 
 Ah ok. It's all catching up with me. Well I wish I can remember every part of all my friends life and I feel like I should. Did I tell you I got a new job.
 
 and you can't offend me. lol thought you knew that. HAH\n
 
 we had been talking on the internet for a couple months before I moved down here. 
 
 ya she was the babysitter I gort when I first got here. 
 
 That's awesome. I'm so happy for you. You have to keep me updated on that. Now I hope I don't offend you but Nikki was who again? Was she the nanny?
 
 our daughter just turned 1 a couple weeks ago
 
 and we are expecting twins in june
 
 good
 
 but its still me and Nikki. and we're doing god
 
 our mutual gf moved out a couple months ago. 
 
 If I may ask.
 
 Lol. Wow. So how is the living arrangements. Did you say you had two female companions there?
 
 and were completely stocked up on everything else. lol
 
 I'm working on it. I got lazy and we didn't go to the store for over a month
 
 with the exception of milk. 
 
 I like mycoffee. HAHA
 
 I saw them. Pretty immense lol.
 
 check out the new pictures of my stockpile. lol
 
 Congrats. That's pretty awesome. I'll still be here at that time. I just had my last two wisdom teeth out today so I can't really go anywhere and I'm not working tomorrow
 
 I tutor a 7th grader on trumpet. lol I get paid 15$ an hour
 
 and he's gone from 10th chair to 2nd. lol
 
 I have trumpet tutoring from 5-6pm
 
 but I wont be home until about 630pm local (which I think is 830pm your time)
 
 yep
 
 Lol. So does it work now?
 
 but never had time to tear it apart until a couple weeks ago
 
 I had to fix my xbox. 
 
 i just started playing again after like 3 months of not playing. 
 
 Lol. Yea. I've been pretty busy lately. I'm on today and if you get the chance maybe we can play. Just don't make fun on me when I die...a lot lol
 
 you haven't been on Xbox recently. :P you need to get back on andshoot people. 
 
 I think so lol.
 
 you ever get your MW3 back?
 
 lol
 
 lol. by yourself?
 
 decent progress
 
 its a process
 
 its horrible that yesterday I had a large pizza for lunch  and that IS me cutting back on what I eat. lol
 
 etc.. etc.. etc.. lol
 
 and the carbination
 
 and the sodium. lol 
 
 yea
 
 the calories are what kill you lol
 
 kept the drug
 
 got rid of the crap
 
 lol
 
 ohh.. I love coffee and caffeine pills HAHA   
 
 and only like 3 soda's
 
 I haven't had an energy drink in like a week.
 
 so I can hopefully get the house I want in July
 
 I'm starting my Mortgage approval process 'fun~' lol
 
 booo
 
 and brenton
 
 probably juszt gonna be you and brandon
 
 it would be cool to have me
 
 you
 
 and brandon hit up those maps the day they come out. its still a week away though
 
 :)
 
 i dont really care dude. i wasted my money on the game. sure
 
 i get urges to play the game every once in awhile but its not that often. I asked ryon for the game. it didnt happen ill ask later
 
 if it happens it happens. ill eventually get the game
 
 Just go over and get it
 
 since you have ELITE and the whole purpose of getting it is so that you get stuff earlier
 
 
 
 yea. 
 
 he still lives in LV doesnt he?
 
 i asked him for it
 
 he said yes and then no communications after that. he told me he was sick...i didnt really push the issue
 
 how is he not that cooperative?
 
 not too too much
 
 so like 15 games last night
 
 I did 60 crunches per lobby and about 30 pushups per the other lobby..
 
 lol
 
 you play way too much 
 
 and that included not doing liek 4 lobbies because of having to deal with the kids
 
 nice
 
 I did 360 crunches
 
 and 157 pushups just while playing last night. lol
 
 lol\n
 
 when you are in the lobby between matches
 
 you do situps (or crunches) for the whole lobby time
 
 and the next lobby you do pushups
 
 and keep switching off. 
 
 it'll help with the AF stuff you wanna do
 
 and... I have a workout program that I'm doing based  on MW3 gameplay. 
 
 i tried
 
 ryon isnt that cooperative
 
 the new maps come out on the 24th of January for ELITE members
 
 You should get your MW3 back
 
 lol
 
 I was at work. lol then I played MW3
 
 I'm sorry lol. Why don't you play Skyrim 
 
 Iii'm bored. 
 
 21 pages
 
 hand filled
 
 legible
 
 no mistakes... and if they dont like it I get to try again
 
 Thank you sir.   expect it again in either 8 months
 
 or 5 years and 8 months. lol
 
 14042 robin road Leavenworth Kansas 66048
 
 9137275344 
 
 whats your address and number?  remember that security thing I did when I joined? I have to do it again. lol
 
 u online?
 
 you should get your game back... and we should all ge tonline so that we can do a "team' photo.. for the competition
 
 Activation confirmed!This mail is confirmation that you successfully activated Elite 1-year prepaid on Wednesday
 
 November 09
 
 2011HAHA
 
 HOLA
 
 gonna happen
 
 Lol. That's ambitious. 
 
 so it'll be fun
 
 good
 
 I'm looking at 5-10 lvls gained tonight. 
 
 On my phone. I'll be on tonight I think. There might be a house party but if there isn't I'll be online 
 
 you online?
 
 its 10am now..
 
 imma be onlinne for probably a WHILE tonight
 
 if you have time
 
 and/or are game for some extensive playing. after like10pm my time..
 
 Hey ... imma be online for a couple hours tonight for MW2... so you should ge ton too
 
 HOla
 
 Sorry. I slept instead. 
 
 for some reason it never gives me the option to join your guys's party
 
 if you all jump onto to MW2 send me a party invite
 
 and I'll play.
 
 Ok. I'm gonna try to play a little of both. But after work and the gym I'll play 
 
 are you guys playing MW2 ?
 
 imma imma imma play Dark Souls tonight. 
 
 Lol*
 
 I haven't played it since two days ago. I've been busy lok
 
 having fun on your' knight' yet? lol
 
 I'm working on Intelligence right now so I can wield a talisman also
 
 any progress on 'the knight' rofl
 
 Not until later. Like 1130?
 
 I've already been playing for two and I'm no where near that. 
 
 haha (how to get past the first three hours? rofl)
 
 And I'm thinking of buying the guide. 
 
 http://www.nowgamer.com/features/1080956/dark_souls_guide_how_to_get_past_the_first_three_hours.html
 
 I love how open this game is. But damn it's hard. 
 
 when are you all playing MW2
 
 once you get to the top of the tower
 
 there is a ladder right next to the door you exited
 
 I couldn't play last night. After mw2 tonight I'll play dark souls
 
 did you ever get tothe top of the tower where the beast is?
 
 Send me a  request and we can hook up on Halo or something.. you should get Dark Souls when it comes out
 
 haha.... sounds like me huh?
 
 apj elfman
 
 Qu\xe9 pasa wey. What's your xbox gamertag
 
 aloha senor
 
 haha. I'm working
 
 working
 
 working
 
 bowling
 
 bowling
 
 and playing Deus Ex (human revolution) that came out yesterday. lol
 
 Gym work drinking. You know. Oh. And WoW lol 
 
 What have you been doing?
 
 Whats up buddy
 
 aloha
 
 Don't worry buddy. It would take a lot for me to hate you. I don't see it happening. Take care. And get some sleep. 
 
 and... if for some reason you end up hating me
 
 just let me know. LMFAO\n\nMessed up 
 
 but... the number of people hating me is on the rise. lol\n\nttyl
 
 Hope alls well hun
 
 Hope alls well
 
 How's everything going deary
 
 Well shit happened and I don't think we need to get back into the past. I finally got back on my feet since then and have an awesome job and my own place in the city. Things finally worked out the way they needed to
 
 Ya
 
 What
 
 getting the job?
 
 You were setting yourself up prettygood before you left
 
 Well inviting someone to stay with you guys when you couldn't afford it wasn't the best decision in the world. But that's neither here nor there. Either way
 
 I'm gonna help you guys with the affidavit
 
 because those kids need you guys.
 
 I only do stuff that benefits.me with the exception of my kids. They get what they need and then some before i get anything
 
 She may not have ever liked me
 
  because I was just some girl you were trying to get at
 
 and I wasn't the best house guest in the world
 
 but no matter what
 
 I did care for her
 
 and respected the hell out of her for her love for all the kids
 
 I would agree with that. Especially with Nikki there as their 'true' mom. Those are her kids too
 
 not by birth
 
 but by heart
 
 and I can't even imagine how she's feeling about all of this
 
 Most would admit i am a horrible human being but i am a good parent
 
 Exactly. I hope that has some legal meaning that can hurt her chances
 
 Apparently she's only questioning I  adam because of the paternity test that was done whenhe was born.. But that might backfire on her because that meant that she sat on the information and let me assume the role of father for 7 years
 
 Lol
 
 look at those kids and no one will have any doubt in their minds that they are your kids
 
 Hopefully.. First thing she pulled is paternity
 
 Ok
 
 I'll get it done. I hope everything works out
 
 Change the dates etc...and where out starts the page just type I  your own words what you believe is pertinent
 
 Looked*
 
 I just like at it. The dates are off
 
 and I'm not sure where I would put my information. It says June and July of 2013
 
 I emailed you the affidavit form
 
 i would need you to write it in your own words
 
 Do you need me to write this out or is there something you're going to send me to just sign?
 
 Which is why I'm not dismissing it. If I can help get your kids back to you and Nikki
 
 I will. They were doing well with you guys
 
 and Adam loved his school and his teacher.
 
 You can even add that when you can to az to visit i had the kids and adam was in school in a special need program that would help too\n\nScanning and emailing should work until we can get the original mailed. Sorry for the short notice..\n\nI know we have had our spats but these are my babies
 
 I can do that. It's easy to find a notary and I can even fax it to you if you have a fax number so you can get it faster
 
 Unfortunately i need it filled out
 
 and notarized by like Monday night\n\nBasically just that during the time  youhave known me i have been the only father figure I  Adam's life and have be their sole caretakersince Marissa and i split up with little tho no interaction from Marissa and no help from her
 
 Rileysmama71111@hotmail.com
 
 What is your email
 
 I absolutely would. I saw the site you guys made and shared it a few weeks ago. I'm so sorry you guys are going through this. It's not right.
 
 Would you be willing to fill out an affidavit stating that. When you visited me in az that i had sole both of my kids with little to no interaction from their mother and that i have been the only father figure in adam s life as far a you are aware?
 
 Hope lv is treating you well
 
 I have been attempting to not a complete ass and bring up more monetary offers for axillary fun. But currently that is getting more and more difficult. So please just deal with the grumpy me
 
 as it is either that or repetitive offers
 
 reaching upwards of $1K when taxes come in.  
 
 shes so beautiful... and I tell her everyday... you know you know you know I never ask  you to change... if perfects what you're searching for then just stay the same.... sooo dont even bother asking if you look ok... you know I 'lll say... when I see your face... theres a thing that I would change. . cuz your amazing.. just the way you are.....
 
 can you run over to the bookshelf and grab the commisary rewards card? I need the number off of the back so I can register it
 
 yea
 
 you online?
 
 fun fun fun
 
 nope. Watching cars
 
 kids burn the house down yet? lol
 
 hi
 
 :P
 
 I kinda figured
 
 Just a fair warning
 
 Imma be pissy when I get home.
 
 Hun
 
 if you even get this at a decent time. Please get up and help nikki
 
 she having a breakdown
 
 and feels more like shit than normal...  and since kris has been over
 
 you have been sleeping more. 
 
 tell nikki to check her FB
 
 Yep
 
 thank you luv ;)
 
 Ok
 
 :D
 
 and I want me some mac n cheese
 
 goodie.. can you please start boiling water in like 5 minutes? I'm leaving now to head home for lunch :)
 
 Yes
 
 do we have any macoroni at the house still?
 
 because at Safeway
 
 their 2liter soda is 25cents each right now
 
 and she just sent me 'thats convienent)
 
 so that you could say (nikki phillip sent me this weird thing)
 
 Why did you send me that
 
 lol
 
 Refreshe Soda Products Selected Varieties2 LITER $0.25 Reg. Price$0.99Save Up To$0.74Up To74%10/3/2012 - 10/31/2012Safeway pop super on sale.
 
 :P
 
 Exactly
 
 and I know what you'd ask for in return
 
 so if thats the case
 
 keep it
 
 most of taxes will go to catch up on bills
 
 and a little bit was going to spoil the family (you included hun) and what I was talking about was seperate you only money
 
 If you're going to ask what you've been asking for me to get any one it keep your money. But I've been helping with the kids and the house so I think it's only fair to give me some
 
  how much mone ydo you want from me when I get my taxes back? rofl. haha
 
 Duh
 
 that's right lol
 
 and tell her to text you
 
 so you can message her
 
 and she can FB on her phone
 
 umm... I dont have my phone with me. nikki has it though
 
 What's her number?
 
 hmm... how much mone ydo you want from me when I get my taxes back? rofl 
 
 text her now. I think she has some at her house. lol 
 
 I have a little bit. Maybe I'll ask katey once she gets here to find some and me and her will go somewhere and smoke a bit
 
 any call backs on jobs yet?
 
 the splurging would mean you would have to have money. lol
 
 If I want that I can splurge a little bit and get it myself. Either way
 
 I'm not doin anything with you
 
 would you be up for that possibly?  you wanna smoke again sometime soon?
 
 you are asleep. lol
 
 etc...
 
 MJ
 
 smokables
 
 High times? What?
 
 i think you'd like that. maybe.
 
 if we came to an arrangement I could get you some money for some 'high' times. lol HAHA
 
 Good luck
 
 I will get back to helping.. I just hope they actually put me on meds that help... 
 
 More like what me and Nikki do while you sit on the computer lol
 
 lol
 
 and me being 'nice' falls into the family budgeting stuff... and I'm a little 'prude' on my money so free help doesnt happen that often
 
 the cleaning is the living with us stuff we all kinda do it. 
 
 Like pay me to clean something no ones touched in awhile
 
 be nice and just help me money wise
 
 I don't care
 
 I'm just not doing anything with you end of story
 
 how?
 
 You can do that in other ways.
 
 mwah ! :P
 
 sorry... trying to help you $ wise
 
 and get something out of it. 
 
 I've already done it a lot. It's getting passed annoying
 
 a lot probably. haha. 
 
 Ok. No
 
 jeez
 
 how many times do I have I deny you for you to get it?
 
 and.. do you think that I can buy a kiss or something from you maybe? ;) :D  
 
 probably cash..
 
 I remember things better than you. So are you gonna give me cash to deposit into my account or what? How are we doing this?
 
 (remember we aren't telling Nikki this month..)
 
 soo.. your car payment is 250?
 
 lol
 
 It's out the door lmao. I didn't expect any different
 
 having fun? how long is the line?
 
 Here I am at AHCCCS or whatever it's called
 
 morning hun
 
 hey babe :)
 
 we'll get one of the above ground pools we can use also
 
 or if we get a couple hundred
 
 like kid style pool
 
 maybe once we get some money
 
 we'll get a pool for the back
 
 lol
 
 Yea
 
 so much fun Riley got his first shower ever lol. After the first few minutes he kinda just stood there with his head on my knees relaxing and letting me clean him
 
 after freaking out and screaming initially of course
 
 that sounds like.... fun
 
 Well
 
 Riley's diaper exploded this morning. And I don't mean like yesterday
 
 I mean the gel balls inside the diaper exploded out of the diaper and went everywhere
 
 mwah!
 
 how are you doing :)  hehe
 
 Morning
 
 gooooood morning
 
 You should tell Nikki to make you order a Bountiful Baskets this week. lol (she'll explain what it is) lots of fresh fruits and veggies
 
 hey beautiful
 
 just think... you'll get trashed .. and you'll think its only fruit punch. HAHA.. and we can finish off my hookah tobacco. ROFL
 
 if I know one thing.. its making deceivingly yummy extremely alcoholic beverages. HAHA
 
 I make a jungle juice type thing. 
 
 Good
 
 hows that sound?
 
 maybe I'll make  vodka or burboun lemonade tonight. and use the blue raspberry soda also. so its yummy fruitpunch style
 
 we'll figure it out. 
 
 Barnabas (Depp) and his run-ins with various monsters
 
 witches
 
 werewolves and ghosts. Barnabas is turned into a vampire in 1752 and buried alive by the witch whose affections he rejected. When he\u2019s finally freed in 1972 he returns to his manor to find it\u2019s occupied by his dysfunctional descendants and other residents
 
 all of whom have dark secrets. The movie is familiar tonal territory for Burton and Depp.
 
 It looks really good
 
 interesting sounding. lol
 
 Dark Shadows\nStarring: Johnny Depp
 
 Chloe Moretz
 
 Helena Bonham Carter
 
 Michelle Pfeiffer\nDirector: Tim Burton\n
 
 You can't really find actual scary movies
 
 because I want to watch a movie withyou that you haven't seen a million times
 
 and that will actually thrill youwith the scare factor
 
 Why?
 
 hmm.. think of a movie that would scare you then. :)
 
 Ive seen that movie dozens of times so it doesn't freak me out. But I do jump at shit that pops out at you like any normal persin
 
 think that dark rooms and lots of booze will cause Paranormal activity to freak you out? lol
 
 we could marathon those while beign drunk and hookah'ing lol get you all freaked out
 
 I have all three
 
 do you have the Paranormals with you? I think I only have like 1 and 2 burned
 
 or or or
 
 or actiony
 

 
 hmm... something scary?
 
 Dunno
 
 so.. what movie are we watching tonight?
 
 Maybe
 
 so. you in the mood to get drunk tonight?
 
 you
 
 me
 
 boooze
 
 and lots of hookah. lol
 
 Ok. Maybe
 
 so... getting our drunk on tonight
 
 when I get home from bowling?
 
 I dont know. I'll see what I can scrounge up after the 1st
 
 but I will have to see
 
 since we are 'quietly' paying your car payment.
 
 When am I gonna get those dressers btw?
 
 ;) then you can have 'privacy' (with me) lmao JK JK
 
 if you stay long enough
 
 you will be here for the renovation when we put walls up to make that room and actual room
 
 so.. after a dresser
 
 and paint
 
 and maybe a lamp or two. you gonna like your room? ;) hehe
 
 okey dokey
 
 No
 
 anything you've thought of question wise?
 
 good. 
 
 Yeppers
 
 so you getting more comfortable?
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Just drank
 
 watched a movie and talked
 
  ;) 
 
 what did you two do? lol
 
 I figured
 
 you said you had to work at 2 am. Me and Nikki had fun lol.
 
 you having fun? Sorry I disappeared last night
 
 I had to try and get some sleep... 
 
 how are you doing? :)
 
 Morning
 
 gooood morning
 
 good morning. :)  sleep well?
 
 good morning :D
 
 you'll be awake though. ROFL
 
 suuure. lol 
 
 I'll kill you
 
 lol bucket of ice water. after I move riley. ROFL HAHA
 
 No you wont
 
 lol I have to be at work at 6am
 
 I'll wake you up tomorrow when I get up. ;)
 
 I occasionally get up at 7
 
 we will eventually shave off another like 2 hours or more from that. lol
 
 Lol no. I've been up since 9:45
 
 you didn't just wake up did you?
 
 Morning
 
 morning :)
 
 Not right now I guess
 
 concerns
 
 etc..
 
 soo. any questions?
 
 haha.. 
 
 Naw I got distracted lol.
 
 still there? lol
 
 mwah.. soo... any questions
 
 concerns
 
 etc.. so far? :)
 
 Good idea
 
 coupons and bulk for energy drinks
 
 etc.. 
 
 well how about I help you budget. lol
 
 The only bill I've ever paid is my car payment. Food was taken care of by mom
 
 I paid for gas
 
 and I still couldn't save up much. I pay a lot for energy drinks and cigs
 
 so think about that savings
 
 and food stamps cover food
 
 and no other bills really
 
 gas
 
 
 
 your car payment
 
 1440 a month
 
 Yea I've been doing that lol
 
 and work 40 hours a week. 
 
 just think though
 
 if you get 9$ an hour. 
 
 Wow I'm not sure of I could save up that much! It took me months to save up like
 
 400 and then I had to spend 200 of it
 
 and what we do for house budgeting. ;)
 
 since you will have like no bills other than your car. 
 
 or 20K lol
 
 but it would be nice for you to stay for a bit
 
 a long bit. :) get like 10K saved up. 
 
 Yea we'll get it figured out
 
 or whatnot
 
 once you get your job and stuff
 
 and start getting money saved up
 
 maybe like 1-200$ a month into the family budget from what you make. :) I dont know
 
 we'll figure it all out when we get to it. 
 
 Already said I have to lol
 
 so you gonna stay for a bit? get some money saved up and stuff and stuff. :)
 
 Yellow paint. Lol sure
 
 what do you think dear? :)
 
 and if you stay with us long enough you can help pick the carpet
 
 or type of floor for downstairs. ;) hehe
 
 so..  what color do you want to paint your room? ;) lol
 
 :P
 
 :) hehe. 
 
 Sounds good
 
 idk. lol maybe we can run out tonight for a bit. hit one or two thrift stores to see
 
 If you wanna put it that way sure lol. When can we go?
 
 you and me go on a shopping date? ;) lol
 
 That sounds really good. When do you think we can do that?
 
 we can run to the thrift stores and see what dressers are running
 
 I dont know
 
 I haven't bought dressers recently. lol so maybe we can afford them earlier. you and me would have to go window shopping
 
 for budget purposes. :) hows that sound babe?
 
 Afford* not offers
 
 Ok. Well you said its gonna be like
 
 2 months til you can offers to get dressers
 
 and I need one for both me and Riley
 
 both of our stuff will not fit into one
 
 and I can't have my stuff in bags for 2 months.
 
 and warning
 
 dont use the cash assistance
 
 you have to pay it back
 
 and it never really works out the way you want it to. lol
 
 we will work on the getting stuff for organizing ok?
 
 Well yea
 
 I gotta get a job
 
 get all that assistance stuff (which I just applied for
 
 Riley and I are eligible for food assistance
 
 medical
 
 and cash assistance)
 
 and save up to afford a down payment and figure out what I can do rent wise
 
 I'm just antsy to get my own place. I'm already feeling way too cluttered
 
 not having anywhere to organize my stuff into. I can't find anything right now.
 
 and dont rush on getting a place. just stay with us
 
 and save money
 
 we'll just do the family unit thing okey dokey?
 
 Smile. :)
 
 I've been keeping an eye on that.
 
 oh make sure that riley doesnt mess with my painting please. I need to find somewhere else to put it
 
 it was downstairs before the flood
 
 because picking the kids up in the afternoon is bad
 
 since you have to go up to the teacher and wait for them to be released to you. 
 
 I know. just letting you know. once you guys get used to each other
 
 
 
 That'll take some time to adjust
 
 cuz during the week
 
  once nikki gets used toyou
 
 it would be benificial if you would watch the kids so she could take the kids to school without having to load everyone up
 
 same with picking them up from school
 
 He did. But went back to bed
 
 I'm surprised he didn't wake up lol
 
 lol good luck
 
 the house runs earlier than 9 haha. 
 
 No you're not. I'll be pissed. I already had to chase your kids outa the room twice so Riley would stay asleep so I could stay asleep lol
 
 lol Imma wake you up tomorrow mornin. rofl
 
 At like 
 
 9
 
 so when did you get up? lol
 
 Morning lol
 
 morning
 
 Text me. A lot easier on the road
 
 hopefully I sell my cadillac today. so we have some money. lol
 
 and then I get my hug and kiss ;) hehe
 
 Lol yes
 
 ok
 
 so I'll see you on like Sunday? lol
 
 Yep
 
 that mean leaving lv? or what?
 
 aboutto be on your way?
 
 Yeppers. Jut texted you
 
 you on the road?
 
 I and we know\n\nMwah
 
 Lovely. Well just both of you keep in mind that im moving to a whole new place with my son where there is no one I know and I have to find a job and an apt and be in my own for the first time ever and the move itself is nerve wrecking.
 
 and nikki's in a bad mood. and is in pain all the time so she wont be to 'friendly'
 
 just letting you know. lol
 
 Well fair warning
 
 I am too lol
 
 fair warning
 
 we are super broke again. lol
 
 okey dokey
 
 keep me updated ok?
 
 Get* not ER
 
 I got the gps today. Packed most of my shit into bags and gotta get it into the car and ER together stuff for tomorrow. I'm leaving tomorrow btw
 
 if Riley feels better by then
 
 I can't wait for that hug and kiss ;)
 
 having a marvelous day ? lol
 
 we can all do it. lol
 
 Lmao
 
 I thought YOU were doing it?
 
 HAHA
 
 so you are gonna start doing that here right? lol
 
 I know right. 
 
 Man that shit IS crazy! $1000 for $5? Damn
 
 its crazy
 
 watch an episode. lol 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWT39cz5Yrs&amp;feature=relmfu
 
 Naw
 
 I can never practice for that stuff
 
 the kick in the face method is what works for me lol. Get up from all the noise or suffer in bed lmao. I've heard of them
 
 seen commercials
 
 but never watched it
 
 have youw atched those shows?
 
 I'm contemplating starting Extreme couponing. ROFL
 
 might want to start practicing. ROFL HAHA
 
 Lol
 
 6 counting yours. lol
 
 Shit
 
 you're right
 
 thats when the whole house gets up
 
 and with 5 kiddos
 
 you'll get up ROFL. 
 
 Correction
 
 its 12
 
 and we woke up at almost 11. I could NOT get up that early unless forced because of an early apt or something lmao
 
 we get up at like 630-7am here. :) lol
 
 sleepy head.
 
 lol its 1pm
 
 I haven't checked today. We just got up a bit ago
 
 have you gotten your mail yet? :)
 
 poor babies.. 
 
 Tired. But a little better. Riley seems to be doing better than he was last night. Poor baby's fever just broke out last night and he was miserable. I slept with him all night.
 
 how are you doing deary?
 
 Morning.
 
 good morning. :D
 
 :) ok cool! Thank you!
 
 just checked on the gps should be there tomorrow hopefully
 
 hola
 
 hey hun
 
 text me
 
 txt me
 
 you get the money?
 
 haha
 
 Eh lol
 
 you love the fact that I am open
 
 vocal
 
 and not shy. :P  its refreshing. and you know it. :P
 
 but you love it
 
 Lol ok weirdo
 
 duh
 
 you lol
 
 Who's the weirdo? Lol
 
 &lt;(")  &lt;--- Penguin!
 
 because I said so. :P
 
 still a weirdo. lol
 
 What? Little mermaid is my favorite movie ever lol
 
 weirdo
 
 lol 
 
 Oh hush lol. I'm planning in going to oak park mall to return a flounder cup I got. I tried to pull the straw out to wash it and it broke. It's one of those crappy plastic ones
 
 but the cup is too damn cute
 
 so I'm just gonna exchange it
 
 haha
 
 why you bein lazy :P
 
 lol been at work for abit. lol
 
 Well it's barely started to be honest. Woke up not too long ago
 
 so.. ... ... ... hows your day going?
 
 lol ;)
 
 Keep dreaming lol
 
 LMFAO
 
 give me an hour with you
 
 you'll be exhausted and will sleep anywhere. lol ;)
 
 lol
 
 Cuz my room is Riley's room and neither of us sleep well in the same room
 
 and I can't fall asleep with the tv on like I can upstairs
 
 why?  well at least you have a bed here. lol
 
 Cuz I've been sleeping on the couch for the past few weeks?
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;v=oQZnYkDAzeM&amp;NR=1  (what I do when I get bored. lol)
 
 HAHA.. see why wer eyou on the couch? :P
 
 Not too bad. Riley broke a glass though and I had to lock him in a room to clean up all the shards. He did that to get me off the couch lmao
 
 how are you doing today hun?
 
 Morning!
 
 good morning
 
 Yea I'm gonna do that. I did mapquest it a few weeks ago and most of it I'm on 2 main highways for a few hundred miles
 
 so.. mapquest. :P
 
 you need to be able to read a map
 
 and know generally what/where etc.. in case the GPS breaks  somehow. lol
 
 Lol*
 
 Yea
 
 I prolly should. I'm pretty dependent on technology lil
 
 familiarize yourself with a map. :P HAHA
 
 the GPS is a guide
 
 not a solution. :P
 
 plan.. :P
 
 No
 
 I'm more waiting for the gps lol
 
 so plan out your drive yet?
 
 and I care about other people more than enough. Just in my own unique way. lol
 
 and I'm more manipulative than backstabbing. lol
 
 well I do like to run my mouth. lol
 
 Not caring about other people
 
 conceited
 
 backstabbing
 
 shit talking
 
 ect
 
 and how is that? HAHA
 
 Just don't act like the people here lol
 
 jk
 
 lol you do remember that I'm from LV too right? HAHA
 
 Lol
 
 I'm just ready for the change. I'm so tired of lv and the people here.
 
 lol
 
 careful now.. you might fall in love with this home away from home before you even get here. lol
 
 Just a few days away!!!! I'm so excited!!!
 
 otherwise
 
 I have to send you the 150$ on like Friday afternoon/evening and mail the GPS
 
 I was gonna say
 
 if you had the money
 
 get driving woman
 
 see you in two days. lol
 
 lol
 
 I sure dont
 
 well if you got the money
 
 start driving. lol HAHA
 
 Lmao
 
 yea she said she's always thought you were a good guy
 
 knew about your wife leaving you and abandoning your kids and she said they were better off with you. Hell yea I'm ready! I just wish I could come sooner!
 
 so you ready to start your wonderful drive?
 
 :D  what..? lol someone in LV thinks I'm a good person? WHAT?!  I guess I gotta fix that. lol ;)
 
 Dani civils. I told her I was gonna be a live in nanny in Arizona
 
 and after a few mins she realized it was you cuz you asked her to do the same thing awhile ago. Lol. She wasn't judgmental though
 
 she says you're a good guy
 
 lol
 
 anyone find out that you're moving in with me yet?
 
 That's awesome!
 
 lol
 
 in England
 
 pets have more rights than people. (literally)
 
 jk
 
 oh god.. you're british. LMAO 
 
 Animal welfare lol
 
 ok. so nursing
 
 and banking
 
 any side interestes?
 
 I have bad hands (arthritis runs in the family and I'm getting it) and I'm not that interested in all that crap
 
 or hair and nail
 
 you could be a massage therapist as a side profession 
 
 its funny though. lol
 
 Lmao
 
 umm
 
 no. I leave my bedroom persona for people I care about
 
 not for money
 
 go be a dom. lol   beat some people for money. ROFL
 
 lol
 
 haha. make money
 
 Tired lol. And I dunno what I'm gonna do with myself for the next week and a half lol
 
 what have you been up to?
 
 how are you doing babe?
 
 now it runs
 
 but blew a radiator hose somewhere. lol
 
 That's cool! You're making headway.
 
 still trying to sell it
 
 haha
 
 but just barely. lol
 
 cadillac is running again. 
 
 its going. 
 
 How's it been going?
 
 hey hun
 
 Hola
 
 I'm bored...
 
 bored....
 
 so text back already
 
 text me
 
 hey girl
 
 smile
 
 lol i figured.. but it might be worth it if I take out a college loan for you ;) ROFL
 
 Your gonna get a big fat no in that type of convo but ok lol.
 
 it requires no monetary repayment HEHE
 
 hows that.. 
 
 ;) lol
 
 I will attempt to only have my particular version of that topic  in the discussion occasionally
 
 Very good
 
 :P
 
 We can discus it from tone to time and get out figured out babe
 
 hows that sound ?
 
 Prolly
 
 Woulds you need financial help when you start?
 
 Sorry at work. I'd need time to get settled.
 
 hello?
 
 will you need help financially possibly for school costs?
 
 soo.. schooling... are you giong to try and get settled first? or are you giong to jump headfirst?
 
 lol
 
 No
 
 do you think you woudl enjoy it? lol and then be tortured by it? ;)
 
 It is.
 
 lol thats not a reason
 
 Because I said so
 
 why? lol
 
 Do that and I'll kill you
 
 and while you are tied up
 
 I'll just leave. lol
 
 then turn it on high for an hour before I untie you
 
 dont  worry
 
 for your birthday
 
 I'll tieyou to a chair
 
 tie a vibrator to you (just kinda shoved down oyour pants)  (I wouldn't touch anything) 
 
 Lol no ones getting into my car or I'll kill them
 
 and I'll slowly turn it on and up
 
 through your trip so you dont notice. HAHA
 
 lol maybe I'll have someone put a vibrater in your seat. lol
 
 Umm no lol
 
 thinking of me
 
 and you sitting ina vibrating car all day. lol 
 
 Why the hell would I be horny?
 
  Nervous and excited is it
 
 nervous
 
 scared
 
 excited
 
 horny
 
 awestruck
 
 etc..
 
 Yes I am! I really can't wait to go on an adventure!
 
 so.... anxious?
 
 kk I'll try to get ahold of the money 
 
 otherwise
 
 it'll be onthe first so you shoudl get it by the 5th.. 
 
 Anyway
 
 let me know when you send the gps so I can be on the lookout for it ok?
 
 suure. lol
 
 Not to me lol
 
 I'm just irresistable though. :P
 
 Lol yea. Well you gotta remember I stopped talking to you and ignored your comments and messaged for 7 months
 
 and only commented to say your not gonna find a nanny for 100 a month and then we got to talking about it
 
 good thing I bribed you with getting out of KS. 
 
 and yet you talk to me?
 
 lol wow.. 
 
 She did something stupid or hugely bitchy
 
 I can't remember
 
 but I stopped talking to her because she wasn't worth it
 
 she was going to school
 
 got her CNA
 
 was working towards an RN and was working at the hosptial
 
 thats the last I heard
 
 why not?
 
 Hell no. Haven't for awhile
 
 do you still talk to her?
 
 Gotcha. I remember now
 
 according to her
 
 she got a bf
 
 decided that I was horrible I guess
 
 and stopped talkign tome all togehtr
 
 then three years later we started talking again and apparently I made her remember a whole bunch of s hitty stuff from high school
 
 What happened between you guys?
 
 and now she doesnt talk to me at all
 
 yea
 
 Remember when kelsea was obsessed with you?
 
 You think so highly of yourself lol
 
 I know.. I'm smoother than molasses and quicker than a lightning bolt. :P
 
 Yea yea lol
 
 I may be a silly ass
 
 but you have a sexy one ;) HAHA
 
 Lmao silly ass
 
 What?
 
 &lt;(") &lt;----- PENGUIN! hahaha
 
 What?
 
 psst... guess what?
 
 nuh uh :P
 
 Yea you do. Go back and check all our messages lol
 
 do I? lol
 
 Better*
 
 You know bettet
 
 lol
 
 suuuure
 
 No I was looking at more pics of riley
 
 lol you just had 'thoughts' cross your mind. LOL
 
 Yea yea yea
 
 you just hush lol
 
 ohhh we can make videos ;) rofl
 
 I was watching Riley's bday video of him eating his smash cake. Just found my camera lol
 
 uh oh.. you ran off and hid under your blanket. 
 
 I may be twisted. but I'm harmless
 
 granted.. they dont know me
 
 for some reason there are a lot of people that think I'm that messed up
 
 Lmao
 
 I was merely specifying so you dont think Imma rape you when you get here. 
 
 about what?
 
 You are way too contemplative about it
 
 the whole like half lips touching thing. 
 
 not a 'OMG JUMP ME' kiss
 
 but a Mwah! its good to see you
 
 thank you for everything
 
 and a kiss. :P
 
 You know better
 
 lol. Nothing will need to be approved by nikki cuz nothing like that's gonna happen. yea you're definitely getting a huge hug
 
 smile. :)  you know you can't wait to see me hug me and give me a kiss for being your white knight ;)
 
 down to arizona. ;)  and I'm here hun
 
 for whatever 'help' you may need ;) hehe\ndepending on what 'help' you need/want. it might have to be approved through nikki. lol
 
 Just to reiterate
 
 I'm really excited about moving up to arizona! I really appreciate everything you're doing to help me out. :) so thank you
 
 they are very honest
 
 and he explained how he gets his equipment
 
 what type 
 
 etc..
 
 etc..
 
 explained why
 
 and one of the first things himand his gf said was that he couldnt get hired in a shop
 
 and started talking about them
 
 and  his tattooing
 
 Oh ok.
 
 him and his gf are in an open relationship.  so they might be over for a bbq or something (they live like an hour away) we met them on craigslist
 
 Lol no
 
 I wanna see how he does and how he handles his equipment. And no lol
 
 I can always whip you with you being tied to the bed. ;)
 
 you like pain? ;)
 
 Id*
 
 Ok that sounds good. If love to come with and watch
 
 so you will have a chance to see his work first hand and it after heal time
 
 well we are probably gong to have this guy do nikkis 4 tattos she has been wanting (all small like script peices and a puzzle piece) and my other calf
 
 I still have a lot to do to finish up my tat. I'm kinda hoping to do some more work on it before I leave. But I dunno if I can afford it
 
 (not a chair.. like built his own shop
 
 bulding etc.. lol)
 
 I did a guy in england that owned his own shop on his propery
 
 Yea
 
 my first two sessions. Both by different guys. The first guy was really good
 
 second guy sucked ass. And it's because of him I'll only do shop.
 
 so they assume he'll flake out and flip out
 
 they wont hire him because he did apprenticeship in prison
 
 he has been trying to get hired at a shop
 
 lol
 
 anymore questions?
 
 and you did an out of shop in KANSAS
 
 he's not pushy
 
 he just talks.. 
 
 I'm just saying I found a guy. 
 
 The thing about me is
 
 I already did a session outside of a shop and I'm still trying to get it fixed so I won't do outside of a shop again.
 
 its sad to see people that have talent
 
 aren't druggies
 
 but can't get jobs because of how they learned their tradeskill
 
 In terms of me
 
 I couldn't do it. When I'm with someone im with someone and I'm not good at sharing. If I care about a guy he better only wanna be with me or he doesn't get me
 
 tattooist --((can't get hired at a shop because he did his apprenticeship in prison.. he only uses single use needles
 
 buys them  only when he has a job
 
 etc..))   
 
 in terms of you
 
 what are you personal thoughts on an open relationship?
 
 I think it's weird for a guy to marry two women and have both their children
 
 but when it comes to being in a open relationship I don't care. Do what you want
 
 it's your life
 
 is my way of thinking
 
 (oh.. and I found a freelance tattooist that does good work for half shop price. lol)
 
 what is your thoughts on polyamory?  and... I may have asked before but I have no memory.. do you find me attractive now?
 
 Huh?
 
 can I ask a question.. 
 
 We'll see lol
 
 lol
 
 oh.. I think you will find I'm not the same phillip hun
 
 Lmmfao! Omg
 
 if only you weren't Phillip. Haha.
 
 I sould amazing even to me. ;)
 
 the thought of someone that actually takes care of  his family. works to take care of them
 
 isn't a drunk
 
 drug addict
 
 etc.. and doesnt abuse his significant other or children
 
 you thought about it for a split second. :P
 
 Lmao shut up phillip
 
 dont worry
 
 I'm right here babe. ;) lol
 
 Not oft lmao
 
 Right*
 
 And no
 
 I practically haven't had sex in years and don't plan on it til I find the oft guy for me and riley
 
 Lol no. I just typed that out. It's jut so true there's nothing else to say
 
 and I was using 'bad' this time in  a different connatation. lol but I get the point on 'good mum elise'
 
 hun.. you sent me that verbadum message before. lol do you keep it saved or something? ROFL
 
 Nope. I'm a good girl. I don't do anything but take care of my son and go to work. Occasionally hit up the bar with my gf but nothing else
 
 ohh.. you aren't a 'bad' girl anymore? ;)
 
 Wording* not worse
 
 I was grouping them all together and saying no to all the above lol
 
 I just worse it wrong. No I don't do anything bad
 
 i can get in trouble with the AF
 
 one of the reasons of a bud free house
 
 like I said
 
 I dont really care. just trying to make sure we know all we need to to cover our asses.
 
 illegal
 
 or social
 
 or moral. all the above. 
 
 You mean illegal or socially or morally wrong? No
 
 I don't. I used to steal baby clothes from kohls when Riley was just a few months old cuz it was so easy and I had a diaper bag to hide them in lmao
 
 but no
 
 I don't do anything that I used to do. I'm a mom now and can't do anything to get me in trouble or make me not clear in the head
 
 I dont really care
 
 butneed to be prepared. etc...
 
 do you do anything else of 'questionable' legitimacy that no one else knows about?
 
 oh I dont think I asked.. I know you said you no longer smoke bud
 
 and smoke cigarettes occasionally
 
 and drink occasionally (don't worry
 
 I'll get you sloshed when you get here. lol)
 
 No I think it's the opposite direction
 
 is it at least on the way? lol
 
 haha.. fair enough
 
 Yea it does. Yea she already told dad I can't have it so he'll enforce that. Lol. Plus
 
 I'm not driving two hours to steal my sisters gps lol
 
 make more sense?
 
 and what Imeant was the Contract questions annoy me (espeically when I'm stressing about everything else right now) but I understand his position and reasoning
 
 she'll never know. HAHA
 
 you should take her GPS
 
 and mail it to your dad. lol
 
 Lol no that part actually doesn't make sense. I know she'd get it back
 
 I told her I'd send it to her when she got back in the states but thats my sister
 
 she won't believe me and just doesn't want me to use it
 
 if that makes any sense at all
 
 I think the only person I'm not annoyed with is your father. lol (even though it annoys me) 
 
 and your sister would get her gps back. ROFL
 
 they can come visit
 
 or visa versa (when we have the funds. lol)
 
 My mom doesn't want me to go cuz she'll miss Riley and doesn't want him to forget her
 
 James wants me to think hard on it and be careful
 
 my dad is not paranoid
 
 he's protective and knows the value of watching your ass
 
 and my sister just doesn't want me to take her gps cuz she sad she'll never get it back lol. Jesses parents have wanted to basically kidnap Riley from me forever do they're not happy but they can suck it
 
 aside from paranoid father on the contract portion
 
 so.. what does your family think of all this?
 
 but the homeowners part I need to research
 
 Lol nice.
 
 so mine  has always been easy
 
 i own my cars outright
 
 no property
 
 no job
 
 she just clicks a bunch of boxes
 
 nikki's is easy
 
 and I normally do my own
 
 but this year
 
 I'll have someone do it because I haven't researched the house ownership rules
 
 Oh
 
 ok well Nikki's?
 
  lol
 
 its free
 
 Shell*
 
 hun
 
 I'm military.. 
 
 You know
 
 I'll see if my grandma would be willing to do your taxes for you and either not charge or be cheap so you don't have to she'll out much for it
 
 I'll get probably 8-10K
 
 Nikki will get like 2-4K
 
 and you will probably get like 5K (high estimate for you)
 
 Just wait till tax season. lol
 
 Jeez. That sucks.
 
 can you tell that the moneys bad right now? lol
 
 pawned my trombone
 
 flute and piccilo
 
 Omg did you really? Like you band instruments from school? Wow. Ok I'll get on it as soon as possible
 
 oh.. and you will want to start the FS as soon as humanly possible so you can get your phone interview
 
 and all your paperwork submitted so hopefully they start you in September as well
 
 love the coloring
 
 you know me.. if it says anything about how we are on money right now until the 1st. I pawned three of my instruments yesterday
 
 I thought I had a buyer for the Cadi
 
 but now I'm not sure.
 
 we are still stupid broke because of the $$
 
 i have to find the money to send it first
 
 Worries*
 
 Oh ok! Cool. That's not bad
 
 that's before the first so no eorries
 
 and its like 15-20$
 
 and it looks like sending you the GPS will only take like 2-4 days..
 
 ass pain
 
 but we finally have FS again
 
 we get FS again starting on the 1st
 
 I meant they did.. 
 
 Okies. Well I hope they turned Nikki's food stamps on. Nikki sent me the info to apply for my stuff I just need to find the time. Today is my last day of the week
 
 then I'm off or two days
 
 then I work Saturday and Sunday and I'm done so ill have time then
 
 I can send the 150$.. and luckily they turned Nikki's Food stamps back on (painful process.. )  so things should balance out after a 2-3 month of you being here
 
 Ok
 
 sounds good. So you think the first when you get paid you'll be able to western union the funds and I can leave shortly after or a few days after that or what?
 
 I'll check what the fastest shipping is (price cautious)
 
 no I didn't .. I forgot because iw as getting ready to leave town.. 
 
 Ok. :) hey
 
 did you send the gps that day?
 
 but like I said.. regardless.. you are still coming to Az :D 
 
 so it looks like our gf is going to move back out..into her place so if nikki gets another job we will still need you as a nanny :)
 
 hey hun
 
 Love you
 
 have fun at work.. 
 
 ok hun?
 
 please keep in touch
 
 with any and all questions.. I am not trying to hide anything..
 
 Ok well I gotta get back to work now. Ttyl
 
 so that is why I wrote you this fast
 
 I just foudn out today.. 
 
 I am not trying to change things around
 
 if things change and we need you as a nanny
 
 Ok
 
 so you are completely covered.
 
 if a nanny contract is needed
 
 we can  go to the courthouse or a laywer and get one drawn up. 
 
 Ok...
 
 who knows..
 
 I know.. I am sorry about that. and it might change and we might need you. if we all get jobs. to make some fast money :)
 
 Ok. I was pretty excited about spending more time with Riley but I suppose getting out of ks is better than nothing
 
 i hope
 
 you are getting out of KS and are NOT getting left on the curb. you know me better than that
 
 its a cluster.. but.. we will all get through it ok hun?
 
 Wow. Ok.
 
 Nikki has already said that we can watch Riley while you work
 
 so you dont have to worry about shelling out a shitload of money on a caregiver..
 
 and there is always the possibility of our gf moving out.. so it can go back to how we had it
 
 but for now
 
 it looks like it will be helping you get out of kansas
 
 aiding you in setup
 
 not rushing you.. and getting you the fuck out of kansas. lol
 
 etc..
 
 let you stay here until you save up enough.. 
 
 so you and Riley would come here
 
 still get the room I showed you . and we cuold help you get on your feet. help with sitting while you are working
 
 etc.. 
 
 like you probably wont be here permanantly.. our ex gf is having to move back in  (issues with her now ex husband.. he was cheating on her
 
 lying
 
 and broke up with her on the phone while she was in the ER)  
 
 Ok
 
 details like what though? I'm at lunch I have a min
 
 ok?
 
 no.. you are still coming out.. but there are some details that have changed.. but no worries you are getting the fuck out of KS ok? please dont worry about that
 
 Ok
 
 bad talk?
 
 ok... text me when you are done... we need to talk again :)
 
 Heya. I'm at work til 11
 
 hey hun
 
 morning babe
 
 love you dear.. goo dnight Mwah
 
 Yea yea yea go to bed lol
 
 but I would pay you to dom me (with no sex involved)
 
 (yes I know I'm weird.. ok :P) 
 
 sorry
 
 I am a switch and nikki is a sub
 
 so I am in dire need of some 'dom' attention
 
 Lol night
 
 we can talk abotu you beating me later. :) mwah tty tomoorrow
 
 Good night deary :)
 
 :)
 
 id pay for dom (with no sex)
 
 Gotcha. That sucks. Yea not gonna happen lol
 
 what did you think of my Dom question?
 
 but they are trying to keep her workig there so they are being understanding
 
 she'll get another job
 
 once she gets some meds and stuff. 
 
 ulcers.. just in too much pain currently
 
 Oh wow
 
 why does she have to quit?
 
 you there hun?
 
 still there? :)
 
 and.. nikki might have to quit her job
 
 so you might be able to get whatever job down here you want.  until she gets one thats a littel better for her
 
 and we have a riding crop also ;)
 
 with no sex required... do you think you would (hypothetically) be willing to dom me? (nikki is a sub
 
 and I am a switch so I dont have a dom and its sad..)
 
 ok.. well.. 
 
 I've done it before. I have my own riding crop
 
 you know I used to have 4 pairs of handcuffs but they all broke or got lost
 
 if I'm in the mood for it I can be lol
 
 etc..
 
 do whatever you want to them have them do everything you wfant them to to you
 
 where you are nice
 
 but own the person.. 
 
 sorry
 
 I guesS I'm talking in a different term now.. like intercourse not required.. Tie the person up
 
 handcuff. scratch
 
 bite
 
 whip
 
 use abuse type of Dom
 
 I have work real soon. And you asked me that question about 5 times now
 
 I have a random question..  hehe.. do you think you could be Dominant?
 
 can you cheer me up today hun? :)
 
 lol  
 
 Stayed*
 
 Not too bad. Wish I woke up earlier so id have more time with Riley but I state up late watching the paranormal activity trilogy lol
 
 how are you doing today babe?
 
 Morning
 
 good morning
 
 hey hun
 
 What time do you go in today?
 
 another random question.. since we covered your favorite positions last night.. are you (or do you like) being a Dom or Sub? curioushmm.. what "hobby' type stuff are you intersted in ? that might make money with a degree?(sorry
 
 two completely dfferent topics at oncee
 
 I'm a little scattered today. lol).
 
 Work work work
 
 so what do you have planned today? more work? lol
 
 :)
 
 (sorry
 
 two completely dfferent topics at oncee
 
 I'm a little scattered today. lol)
 
 hmm.. what "hobby' type stuff are you intersted in ? that might make money with a degree?
 
 oh.. and another random question.. since we covered your favorite positions last night.. are you (or do you like) being a Dom or Sub? curious
 
 Not fully
 
 are you interested in it at all?
 
 I think I could be good at it
 
 I dunno
 
 (hair
 
 nails
 
 makeup)
 
 Would you be interested in Cosmotoleogy at all? as a random  little degree for a job opportunity if we need it
 
 or
 
 are you interested in it
 
 or home business ideas
 
 etc..?
 
 soo.. random question..
 
 Good morning hun
 
 Text always gives me a notification
 
 fb only sometimes
 
 or FB?
 
 would you prefer text?
 
 Sorry
 
 talking with someone. Not S easy knowing of you messaged me on fb than text
 
 otherwise
 
 I'm here for any qeustion you have ever had. :)
 
 I guess goodnight babe. if you are going to sleep
 
 hun.. I've had a couple drinks tonight.. but you know how I feel about you.. that has never been a secret
 
 That you're gonna help me out and you already consider me part of the family
 
 to which part? ;)
 
 I appreciate that
 
 obvouisly we will help when you are here. because you
 
 my dear. are part of the family
 
 adn I love you
 
 and we will take care of each other
 
 Gotcha
 
 just warining you
 
 courts aren't exactly... quick..
 
 I got that part but why is it like pulling teeth?
 
 going to court to order him to pay
 
 No he's not. And what do you mean by the court thing?
 
 I just found out that Marissa is going to give me full custody
 
 normally lthat is like pulling teeth with the courts
 
 lol si he paying currently though?
 
 Then I think I'd be ok with it. As long as I got child support
 
 I meant if he distances himself from Riley hun
 
 Oh I've gotten over Jesse a long time ago. We're not good for each other and never will be
 
 and that's that. I had my mourning time and I've been over it for awhile
 
 ok?
 
 and I've been through it
 
 well
 
 if you need a proverbial shoulder.. I'm here. 
 
 Who knows. 
 
 (asking in retrospect from marissa)
 
 jesse interaction?
 
 With what?
 
 what do you foresee in the future?
 
 He takes care of him every day while I'm at work.
 
 curiousity
 
 how much has the mr been involved in Rileys life?
 
 I try to help
 
 (in my way) 
 
 but I dont hurt people. 
 
 anything else you can think of?
 
 Yea you are
 
 I know I'm weird with weird limits.. 
 
 I will connive
 
 bribe
 
 trick
 
 etc.. but 'that' is never an option
 
 you konw how i feela bout you
 
 but you should know that I dont do that..
 
 that you should have known already
 
 but.. I figured I would cover it
 
 Yes it did. I appreciate it
 
 did that cover it without using that horrid word?
 
 nothing will be 'forced' unless
 
 'forcing' is something that was discussed prior for fantasy reasons
 
 Thank you.
 
 be it drunken
 
 or sober.. 
 
 I will not  'do' anything without consent. 
 
 Umm
 
 no I don't quite understand what you mean. Prolly do but I want clarification
 
 if that made sense without spelling it out
 
 lol well one questin you haven't asked.. and you have some past experience with.. you do not have to worry about with me
 
 ok?
 
 It'll come to me when I got one lol. This is pretty nerve wrecking. But so exciting!
 
 so.. more questions.. whatchu got for me?
 
 no worries babe
 
 we'll get it set up. :)
 
 I know I will for awhile but it's gonna be soooo nice to be in a completely new place
 
 far away from here. Oh
 
 and you definitely need to set up the webcam so the grandparent and dad can see Riley. Jesses mom just brought it up today. Offered to give me one until I told her you guys have one
 
 I still feel out fo place
 
 northside is the 'rich' side
 
 Umm
 
 wow... Lol
 
 hun. its over 1Mil population
 
 not north side
 
 i still dont knwo my way around. 
 
 Well yea lol. I'm just worried about getting down there. And I'm sure I'm gonna be using it when I'm there to learn my way around town
 
 it shoudl be there. I'll send it tomorrow
 
 you leave in like 2 weeks. lol
 
 Cool. Easy enough. How long til it gets here? Definitely by the time I leave right?
 
 and it plugs into your cigarette lighter
 
 its easy. you turn it on
 
 push (enter address) and type it in. lol
 
 How long do you think it'll be til your gps gets here? And what kind is it? Is it easy?
 
 I am just unique and weird.. in my methodology
 
 that is part of my reasoning for my 'helping' fetish 
 
 I know what you mean. I had a time in my life where I lived with my bf and we both were jobless and yet every day we found a way to get money to get what we needed. I'm a scrapper
 
 I can tell you that
 
 I can't wait to not have to think about how to pay bills
 
 so it makes me a workoholic also
 
 you will find out that due to  everything I went through growing up
 
 I always find a way to get money
 
 Nope. Money doesn't affect me like that. It's nice to have
 
 and it makes you feel secure when trouble arises
 
 but I've never been a money grubber. I've always been the one helping others out and spending my money on everyone but me
 
 think you'll change?
 
 so what do you think you will be like when our family makes over 100K?
 
 and if I'm out of the military
 
 depends on what opportunities arise at the time
 
 And what's that?
 
 if it gets to that point
 
 I have some other avenues for short term investments with larger returns. 
 
 Hell yea
 
 and once we start making over 80K as a family we'll start diong CD's and IRA's etc..
 
 well just sayin.  you let me be in charge of everything
 
 it will be tehre. 
 
 It'd be nice
 
 so... 100K. thats what we are aiming at right? lol HAHA
 
 and you know I am jsut amazing. :)
 
 lol
 
 That song was so stupid I couldn't even listen to it all lol
 
 Hun
 
 I am amazing
 
 just admit it. lol
 
 after listening to this song
 
 you will never watch Doug the same again. lol
 
 Oh hell yea! That's awesome! I haven't eaten since 5 at lunch. I've just been busy.
 
 HAHA
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94P1lYwGIfQ
 
 why didnt you eat?
 
 why are you hungry?
 
 so you can pull your car inot the garage and use the attachment if you want babe
 
 I own one. lol
 
 we have a steam cleaner here. lol
 
 Hungry but satisfied in another way. I had exploded energy drink all over my car for a few months now lol
 
 and I took a few hrs early off of work and cleaned it all. So I'm happy that's all done with. Well
 
 I cleaned the inside windows and interior but I need a shampooer for my seats and floors lol. That's not gonna happen. Shit costs money haha
 
 hows my girly doing tonight?
 
 hey babe
 
 good morning
 
 Mornjng
 
 good morning deary.. :)
 
 so I'm a little obsessed with finding ways to make money aand help people out of those situations
 
. (if you haven't noticed. lol)
 
 I like money.. You know where I came from.. I will never let me kids get into a spot like that
 
 (some are 'adult' in nature.. so browse with a grain of salt
 
 and ignore the ones you dislike obviously)
 
 oh.. and if you get bored.. Craigslist here has some odd jobs.. 
 
 and I'd be able to give you a 10K bonus. HAHa
 
 I ahree
 
 that would be awesome. ;)
 
 lol so what would you think if our 'family' brought in 100K a year. after taxes?
 
 Oh gotcha. The reason Im going o be happy either way going there is I'll get to see my son all day every day and I'll be leaving here. Being able to afford more stuff will be a plus though
 
 so what do you think? will you be happy when we get like 100K coming in betweent he three of us babe?
 
 I want a second job
 
 I am. lol
 
 Wait
 
 you find a job? I'm confused
 
 I thought you were in the air force
 
 are you happy about it? lol  or will you be happier once you get your second job
 
 nikki gets her raise
 
 and I find a job
 
 so we are bringing in together like 100K a year.? ;)
 
 haha you hapyp about it though?
 
 Never in my life
 
 did you ever think you would be moving in with me? lol
 
 not my fault.. :P haha
 
 School*
 
 Well we didn't talk ALL that much in scholl
 
 but since typing I'm not actually vocalizing anything I dont get both types of memory stimulization.. I'm surprised you never noticed in school. lol
 
 No I noticed all to well
 
 :P I'm not as bad in person.. 
 
 hha funny
 
 you've never noticed. lol
 
 I am very detailed oriented. and go over things repeatedly
 
 say things in different ways..
 
 Wow
 
 I'm gonna have to repeat myself SOOOO many times lol
 
 nope not joking.. 
 
 Seriously? You're not joking?
 
 haha
 
 so :P
 
 on a medication curerntly but its not really working..
 
 I do have short term memory loss. lol
 
 How many times have you said that already? Do you have a memory problem?
 
 oh.. be ready.. and prepare.. it will take us a couple months to balance out money wise once you get here ok?
 
 lol we'll get you dinner
 
 then get you drunk. so you can sleep well. :)
 
 Yep
 
 lol haha. I meant the particular specific topic.. anywho.. lol soo.. lots of yummy non harsh booze
 
 a hug
 
 a bed
 
 dinner. lol sound good?
 
 What do you mean I know what you said? I can read
 
 and you know what I said right?
 
 lol then I better get a good hug when you get here and a good hug the next day. lol
 
 Lol I know
 
 I'm just saying if I'm exhausted keep the hugging to not one hell of one
 
 just a good one lol
 
 I know.. I just said one hell of a hug
 
 and acknowledge that you know I love you :P
 
 Lmao
 
 just keep in mind the state I'll be in when I get there
 
 which will more than likely be exhausted
 
 and you better give me one hell of a hug when you get here and acknowledge that I love you woman. :P
 
 I think we have a sheet..
 
 Yes please! Lol. The only thing I care about is that it's not all rickety and doesn't fall in at the sides and has a sheet for it
 
 you're going to make me put it together when I get home just to take a pic of it for you? :P\n
 
 Send me a pic of it?
 
 and she's 3
 
 I used it with Saundra
 
 Well
 
 of course
 
 you have young kids lmao
 
 I think its like 2 years old.. maybe 3
 
 lol
 
 yes.
 
 Like
 
 one that's not 10 years old? Lol
 
 A pack and play?
 
 thats not HUGE drinking. it will just make you relax. ;)
 
 lol
 
 we have a playpin for him to sleep in 
 
 I said that yesterday
 
 I have a playpen hun
 
 Yea
 
 I'm not a HUGE drinker
 
 I just like to relax
 
 Gotcha. Ok
 
 so I'm definitely gonna have to get a pack and play.
 
 only magaritas?  I could have you an Adios Motherfucker
 
 4 shots of tequila
 
 and about 30 jello shots waiting for you. ;)
 
 side.
 
 so its actually just a bed.. with a thing toput on the sie. 
 
 its an actuall toddler bed
 
 that has role gates on the side you can put on. 
 
 the toddler bed doesnt set up as a crip. lol
 
 I dunno
 
 yes a bed too
 
 maybe a margarita
 
 lol. I'm fond of Salvador's margaritas. It's premade in a big bottle. And it's yummy. If you could have the toddler bed set up as a crib it's be great
 
 but I guarantee Riley won't sleep well in it
 
 scary new place and all. He'll be sleeping with me.
 
 a strong drink. lol
 
 a playpin set up
 
 not a bed all made up for you?
 
 haha.. nothing else?
 
 Dinner lol
 
 so.. what do you want to be waiting for you when you get here? :)
 
 aloha. how are you doing today?
 
 morning babe
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=10150961105576277&amp;set=oa.207730639292331&amp;type=1&amp;theater
 
 and I know you are getting rid of a lot of important stuff so you can move here
 
 I appreciate it
 
 if I could outright afford a mover I would dear. 
 
 if you can get to only having to send one thing that would be helpful on both of our pockets. lol
 
 ok... sounds like fun
 
 I emailed my hiring manager about the two weeks
 
 but she hasn't opened it so I take it she's not here today. I have my schedule up until the 26th so I have to work up to that day.
 
 Oh jeez. Lol. In at work on my 10 min break. Get off at 9:30. I'm not giving up Riley's crib and changing table but other things we can buy. I might even be able to pack Riley crib in my car. I usually smoke a pack for 2 days.
 
 theres two other ones
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/groups/404965616197414/
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/groups/219412884848145/
 
 one of the yardsale site thingies for here. :-)
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/groups/DMOnlineYardSales/
 
 How much do you smoke?
 
 yummy Wheat sub with turkey
 
 ham
 
 pepperjack
 
 lettuce
 
 and honeymustard
 
 so
 
   have you told your work yet?
 
 lol
 
 (ran to grab a sandwich) literally
 
 back on here.
 
 not really perverted
 
 just 'unique'  because you can ask nikki
 
 I dont use the photos for 'that'
 
 I know
 
 in a VERY perverted way
 
 but you do know me
 
 so if Ruby asked if I can keep my promises
 
 and asks if I'll pay
 
 and not show anyone
 
 etc.. could you please reassure her hun?  I really do just want to help. 
 
 I agree.
 
 trust me
 
 the number of people that dislike me
 
 its easier that only a select few know you're movign in with me
 
 and the comment on your status is for appearance sake..
 
 hun.. if you were a gold digger
 
 you would have no issue with my loans. lol
 
 Naw
 
 I'm not a bitch or a gold digger so yea
 
 it's just for appearances sake. Just a fail safe plan. I didn't even think about it til dad brought it up. He's all about that kinda stuff
 
 being a police officer
 
 the lines will blur once we start to integrate as a family
 
 so we are fine hun
 
 and I know the same applies in reverse. 
 
 I dont see you taking advantage of me
 
 but if you do
 
 you know I can be 'not so nice'
 
 Ok cool. And like I said
 
 it's for you guys too
 
 and we can figure out a quicky contract stating basically that if you are terminated for anyreason
 
 you will be allowed an option to rent the room you are currently occupying
 
 or can receive aid in searching for a new residence or something like that
 
 Less bills for us to pay
 
 hooray! Lol
 
 ok.. 
 
 How could I get added to your insurance? That's only family. And ly dad takes care of my phone bill and car insurance so that's taken care of so far
 
 pronounced access
 
 healthwave is ACCHS here
 
 ((and insurance for our plans I meant car. lol)
 
 (insurance) 
 
 here its called ACCHS
 
 and it would be hard to write up how we would do things if we decide to add you to any of our plans (insurance
 
 phone
 
 etc..)
 
 Terms for while I'm there. What would happen if it doesn't work out so I don't get stranded and you make sure I dont try and sue you wrongfully lmao. Stuff like that I guess. I definitely will need food stamps. So Arizona does have that state stuff? So I can keep Riley on healthwave? And I'd prolly need to get on that too
 
 cuz my job will only insure me for so long after I quit.
 
 (helpl with the family budgeting)
 
 because we would want to 'tailor' it so you qualify for the highest amount of Foodstamps possible for you and Riley. 
 
 and what would be on the contrat?
 
 I'd hope not. Oh btw
 
 my dad and sister made a good point. We need to write up a contract. To just make things clear and make sure no one ends up fucked over.
 
 so the price can and will go up
 
 if needbe
 
 (i wouldn't anyways but still.. that little bit of reassurance might help)
 
 and you will even be here so you can 'ensure' that I dont show anyone
 
 and please tell her that everything is negotiable
 
 and the intent is to help people.. 
 
 its not in my nature. 
 
 and you also know that I cant just kick someone out
 
 She's not straightforward with emotions like that. She doesn't like confrontation. I think she was offended that it for only for 60$ for one.
 
 we actually discussed the pictures..  for a lengthy amount of time
 
 and she asked questions
 
 I did not get the impression that I pissed her off. 
 
 Yea
 
 and he told me you propositioned her with the pics and it pissed her off. Now she's worried about me leaving. She says she's gonna be afraid for my safety lol. I told her I know you well enough to tell you to fuck off with out getting myself kicked out
 
 from talking to her
 
 she said she knows you were considering it
 
 you tell ruby you are leaving yet?
 
 Well I'm protective too so itd be the same for me
 
 and nikki's a little 'protective' so be prepared to not be left alone with the kids that long (at least initially) (hopefully she warms up fast)
 
 No
 
 not anywho. Just stop. I stopped talking t you for over half a year because of it an I don't want it to start back up
 
 so PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE just stop. I'd say online so I could spend that time with riley
 
 anywho... college... online or on campus (if you could choose)
 
 You realize with how unwanted it is that's harassment right?
 
 So stop saying it to me.
 
 I dont talk about my 'loans' etc.. around the kids dear
 
 Phillip
 
 stop joking about that. The only money I'll be earning is the money I earn doing my job as a nanny. And I don't want to hear these little jokes around my son at all.
 
 ~joke~  we could always come to an arrangement for you to have some spending money ;) with a loan.. \nHAHA 
 
 and... Tucson has over 1million people.. so 'explore' the city might take some time. lol
 
 depends.. maybe like 2 weeks.. I dont know that much about pods hun. 
 
 Wow
 
 that would definitely work. Hmm. Ok. But then the question is how long would I be without my stuff? I wanna explore the city! Get a feel for my new surroundings and see what cool things are near us. That's definitely the first thing I wanna do! After unpacking
 
 if I'm up to it of course lol
 
 so... what do you want to do when you first get in town babe?
 
 trying to find out
 
 having some internet issues currently
 
 http://www.pods.com/Moving.aspx  we could do something like that.. I'm not sure of the price though
 
 And how would we do that?
 
 if it came down to it
 
 you could pack up the car
 
 and head down
 
 and then we could figure out how to get your bigger stuff down here after you
 
 If I can find a way to attach a trailer or pay a moving company
 
 yes.
 
 I knwo you can't wait to see me. ;) HAHAHA
 
 so... you gonna head out here in 2 weeks? 
 
 Lmao thanks. Morning.
 
 Good morning deary :-) there
 
 I waited until 1038am your time. :P rofl
 
 It wasn't bad lol.
 
 you have a good night hun?
 
 lol
 
 and sorry the living room is a mess. still unpacking and organizing
 
 if that makes sense.
 
 and both sides of the fence are ours
 
 the three backyard pics. add together.
 
 sending 4 pics.
 
 I didn't :P
 
 Oh jeez. Don't start
 
 (comment....... deleted)... anyways..... lol (censoring myself... its a process) Imma go take a picture of the backyard
 
 Yea the pics would be nice.
 
 2200*
 
 lol its a 5 bedroom house  220 sq ft
 
 and the two living rooms. 
 
 I'll send pics of the back yard if youwant. 
 
 MWAH!  have fun at the bars dear.. 
 
 Ok
 
 Have fun at the bar hun
 
 and think about it. seriously and thoroughly. ok?  because if you decide yes.. we have more details to figure out
 
 like how to get you here. lol
 
 so she knows youa re interested and its not just me telling her. lol
 
 ok.. at least send her a facebook message real quick or something. just saying you will text her tomorrow about the nanny position
 
 or something
 
 Ok but like I said
 
 later. I don't want ruby to see me texting about living somewhere else
 
 she's tagged in my post about the nanny
 
 or hit her up on Facebook
 
 well here is nikki's number. text her to talk to her about it  also. 520-270-9386   Tell her who you are
 
 and why you're texting. (if she's brash
 
 its because the last person we were talking about the nanny job with was extremely rude
 
 and its been a long day.)  so.. just go with it. I know you know how to be professional so I'm not worried. talk to her and see what you think hun. 
 
 Yea I am
 
 are you interested?
 
 Well let's talk about this later. I'm getting ready to go bar hop with riby
 
 how much stuff do you have?
 
 anything else you can think of hun?
 
 so it depends
 
 and nikki doesnt have one yet
 
 but she can't really look until we find a nanny. lol
 
 but I'm military so I get shift work etc...
 
 I normaly work Mon-Fri 7-430
 
 When do you work? And niki doesn't have a job as of yet?
 
 anything else you can think of hun?   things you would want to know? etc...
 
 since you are thinkign about it now?
 
 would you like Nikki's number to text her and discuss stuff with her
 
 Stuff*
 
 I would love to just say
 
 hell yea
 
 come rent a uhaul and get me
 
 but I can't just ditch ruby like that. I just packed a bunch of boxes and I'm moving all my stud sunday
 
 I don't need fancy lol
 
 but its a start..
 
 nothing fancy.. 
 
 so initially ti would have to be like curtains or something
 
 Well yea
 
 I kinda am
 
 lol. It's a nice big room
 
 and seriously
 
 getting out of lv wouldn't be great
 
 because it leads downstairs straight intot he den currently
 
 eventually
 
 adding drywall so you can have a door
 
 Ok so you wouldn't be like
 
 doing construction adding a wall or anything
 
 so are you thinking about it now?
 
 and those two rooms are two of the kid's rooms
 
 there is a bathroom downstairs
 
 we would be turning it into a bedroom
 
 Does it have it's own bathroom? What are those two adjacent rooms?
 
 Wow that really nice. How would you be changing it?
 
 and its not realy renting out. because we only plan on filling it with a live in nanny. lol
 
 it is a den (or used to be)
 
 thats the roomwe are turning into a bedroom
 
 we have an extra queen bed here and an extra toddler bed
 
 (its a 5 bedroom house) not counting our 'extra' room we are remodeling (the pictures I'm sending
 
 might take a minute
 
 sending 3 pics now
 
 lol
 
 (sorry
 
 not trying to over simplify
 
 just covering all the bases)
 
 so it would literally be like a 'community household' where we watch your kiddo if you go out on the weekend
 
  or you work
 
 etc..
 
 Of course it makes sense
 
 I'm not stupid lol
 
 if that makes sense
 
 but its not like we are just going to disappear
 
 
 
 well depends on work schedules.  sometimes it would be 5
 
 sometimes 3
 
 sometimes two
 
 etc..
 
 So I'd only he taking care of 3 then?
 
 Kindergarden is all day here
 
 and the two oldest are in school all day. 
 
 so if riley shared with the three year old boy they would be right next to your room
 
 Holy shit that's a lot of kids
 
 and a 4 month old girl
 
 two three year olds
 
 boy gir
 
 two five year olds boy
 
 girl
 
 we have 5 total
 
 riley could share with one of our kiddos
 
 I had to take a shower. I don't do any drugs and I don't like smoke around my child so that's be no problem. No another problem is if prolly have to room with riley huh? Go for it
 
 send me a pic of the room
 
 I could send you a picture of the spare room. if you wanted.. :-)
 
 oh.. not sure if I told you.. one of the rules here
 
 is no smoking in the house
 
 and no drugs. 
 
 still there?
 
 partially hypothetically
 
 partially seriously?
 
 are you thinking about it?
 
 we have other 'clauses' as to the agreements
 
 but since one of your stipulations is I can't hit on you. then those dont really apply. lol  
 
 in a lot of different ways
 
 as 'weird' as it may sound. I think in terms of dollars. and something liket his makes sense.
 
 and if you an nikki both get jobs
 
 plus mine
 
 that would bring a decent amount of money into the household. as a whole. 
 
 and... if you get the job transferred. theres a lot of extra money for you
 
 Yea it would.
 
 but it would get you out of LV
 
 obviously if this was no longer hypothetical you would have to talkt o nikki also. :-)  and see if she likes you
 
 etc.. 
 
 I dunno. I'd hate to ditch her
 
 possibly
 
 anything to change your mind?
 
 I'd love to go remote and keep my job. I do like it and I need a job. Or I could find a job down there. Either way. But like I said
 
 it's a nice thought but in moving in with ruby. It's just a little too late
 
 would you possibly try to get a job
 
 or transfer yours down here and work different hours than me or nikki? etc..
 
 other than smokes
 
 energy drinks
 
 car payment
 
 
 
 if you could think of everything or anything you might need or want?
 
 what woudl you want? 
 
 that could go in the negotiations. lol
 
 I just got the rest of it. I mean
 
 it sounds good
 
 but honestly
 
 you're way too much of a horn dog for me. It might be more negotiable if you wouldnt make any come ons to me. Yea
 
 it's been awhile since you had but that's because I stopped talking to you for like
 
 8 months
 
 ok.. so did you get my last text? and what did you think of that one? 
 
 Either way
 
 so is fb or text easier?
 
 Not really cuz it's all on my phone lmao
 
 Ok I'm back on here. :-)  which ever is easier for you to write on..
 
 Text me its faster
 
 Bi weekly I mean.
 
 You wouldn't have to pay for
 
 Hell I don't know. What I would ask for would prolly be too much
 
 cuz I have a 234$ car payment a month
 
 and I get about 800$ bimonthly and it still never seems to be enough.
 
 Text me   9136690172
 
 We could up the monthly payment of you would reconsider :)  what would you like? If you took the position? Hypothetically
 
 I might have if I were not already moving in with ruby this weekend. It'd be nice to leave lv
 
 go somewhere new and start fresh. And I dunno how long it'd be til I could apply for a remote agent. By that time in sure the position would be filled and you wouldn't be able to help me out
 
 and Tucson is nice. not really any humidity
 
 and an out of state agent would be cool
 
 were you considering it or no?
 
 we have an extra room we are converting. etc..
 
 Yea
 
 but if needed I could always become a remote agent and work from out of state on a laptop. When I qualify of course.
 
 but you have a good job dont you?
 
 we have an extra room etc..
 
 well like the post said everything is negotiable if you were considering the nanny position
 
 Ruby
 
 best friend?
 
 ?
 
 Not bad. In the process of moving in with my best freind so it's going good
 
 How are you doing hun?
 
 Hey
 
 hey hun
 
 hey text me 913-669-0172
 
 if you make it out of LV and anywhere down by tucson let me know 
 
 I'll do whatI can to help you get on your feet. ok? No one needs to be stuck in LV .. No jokes
 
 no commentary by me
 
 I'm serious hun\n
 
 all I said was how is everything going
 
 I didn't make any innappropraite comments
 
 etc..  I made a comical statement based soley on your humorous status update
 
 nothing more. \n\nHave a wonderful
 
 and whatever the hell I did
 
 I'm sorry. 
 
 For real
 
 has me ignoring you for 7 months not shown you anything?
 
 figured you'd get a kick out  of that hun. rofl.. hows life treating you ?
 
 I'll be your sugar daddy. ;) lol
 
 if it was my father I'm sorry
 
 what did the guy look like that hit on you?
 
 HOws everything going deary?
 
 You still doing ok on money
 
 etc..?
 
 :P
 
 I'm sorry you are feeling bad about being single
 
 but you are a great mom and any guy will be lucky to have you. Trust me. :) ok
 
 feelings about what dear?
 
 hey girl
 
 Imma be in town from the 2nd - like the 9th of Feb
 
 wanna grab a cup of coffee or a drink or something?\n
 
 congrats on the weight dear
 
 boo :)
 
 hey girl been awhile. 
 
 How are you two doing?  mum and baby :)
 
 great
 
 hes sleeping in my lap while im bouncing him right now
 
 lol
 
 hows the baby and moma?
 
 :P
 
 I'll promise to be as 'good' as i can be... :) lol
 
 Thanks. Im still awaiting good news on the job. Haha
 
 ur funny
 
 and I dont even pay rent right now
 
 moved back in with my mom. Hmmm
 
 maybe
 
 if you promise to be on good behavior.
 
 Good luck. :)  just think... I could pay your rent for a month when I get there ;) lmao  jk (kinda) haha\n\nSoo we are spending some time together when I get back right?
 
 lmao
 
 it wouldnt have happened anyway
 
 you know better. Not much really
 
 just been sittin on my ass
 
 spending lots of time with jesse
 
 and lookn for a job slowly. Wish me luck on gettin one.
 
 Darn.. I mean.. Congratulations. lol \n\nWell
 
 make time to chill with me. Sorry
 
 I guess we cant' do the getting drunk and high to 'give' you lots of money. ;) LMFAO\n\noh well. (although... pregnant women at HOTT!) hmmm.... (idea :D )\n\nhaha jk\n\nwhat else has been going on?
 
 Lol
 
 fine then. Babys doing great
 
 I got to hear its heartbeat and hear it moving around last obgyn visit
 
 and il find out the gender on the 8th
 
 quite excited. And it was only complicated in the sense that me and jesse wer basically together but not officially
 
 now its official.
 
 whats going on with the relationship status?  anything you want to talk about?\n\nHey hun
 
 here is one of the possible houses I'm going to move into..\n\n:D\n\nhttp://tours.tourbuzz.net/public/vtour/display/4707?a=1\n\nWhat do you think?
 
 you dont' have a choice we have to hang out when I come back for my 2-3 weeks. I will be there in March. so Make plans to chill with me :P haha\n\nHOw's my little baby doin' ;) jk\n\nseriously
 
 hows the baby doing hun? and you?
 
 do you have skype? or a web cam? I would love to talk to you.
 
 HEY YOU!. get online and talk to me :P
 
 :D
 
 sorry work gort busy
 
 But you do know that I am serious about the "purchasing" of pictures\nor "compensating" for time with you moreso than I am joking...\n\nHorrible I know
 
 but a fast
 
 easy
 
 painless way to help you get money.. :)
 
 Semi-serious? \n\n(if I was offending you
 
 you would tell me. :D)   so that means you are kindof flattered by it. :D
 
 philip
 
 shut up
 
 lol.
 
 Oh HELL YA... You're Single. MY TURN MY TURN!!!!!\n\nSooo.... what do I need to do/give/be for you to marry me hun? :D ;)
 
 uh uh
 
 dont even start philip johnson
 
 lol. not gonna happen
 
 Ohh. its a bet now is it? You're on hun :D
 
 I bet you never could
 
 lol.
 
 I bet I could get you to say yes. :D :D :D :D
 
 Id say too bad
 
 lol
 
 What would you say if I wasn't joking about the whole married thing?? lol
 
 just thought I would let you know again..\n\nLuv ya\n\nPhillip
 
 lol Mwah Luv ya
 
 I know u do
 
 lol. il keep it in mind silly
 
 Not a problem. you know I love helping people (you especially)\n\nMaybe I am just hoping that you will eventually want me.. ;)\n\n(oddly serious.... If you need help
 
 or want an easy life. I am here)\n\nLuv ya
 
 u no im gonna keep in touch with u
 
 silly
 
 lol.\nI never hesitate to ask for help when needed. thank u very much for ur support.
 
 Please keep in touch... and if you do need something please ask\n\nHopefully I can help next time\n\nAll I would charge is payment back when you could and a kiss. :D\n\nor no payment and .... ;)\n\njk (kinda)\n\nlol\n\nLuv ya\n\nPhillip
 
 Sounds like fun
 
 and if you are I want pictures
 
 hmmmm pregnant Elise. ohhlala. Well
 
 let me know if he fails the keepable test. you can always come to me. lol
 
 Lmao
 
 omg when i saw your message and how the bf
 
 I thought for  sec you wer philip barnett
 
 my current ex and I was expecting to get bitched out
 
 lmmfao.\nHes great
 
 im great
 
 still dont have a job
 
 might be preggers
 
 you know
 
 life
 
 lol.\nDont go sayin nothing to noone either cuz I dont know for sure and havent told anyone but Aaron
 
 seein as if I am its his baby.\nOh goodness
 
 shouldnt have said anything but oh well
 
 lol.
 
 Remember
 
 I'm here. lol :P \n\nHow have you been?\n\nluv ya
 
 if you are ever looking for a good night with no attachements
 
 hit me  up. ( i do regret not doing anything with you when i had the chance way back when
 
 you know that i think you are dead sexy) \n\nAlso
 
 if you are ever up to it. I also wouldn't mind seeing if we fit together as in like dinner once or twice.\n\nanyways. lol I hope things keep going your way and if you arent single
 
 dont forget to change your status. lol :P\n\nlove ya\n\nPhillip
 
 and remember
 
 if you need out of KS or just need a change of scenery
 
 my place whereever i get stationed is opened to help you start over. (no strings
 
 execpt maybe helping with cable or something. lol )
 
 Happy new year
 
 been awhile
 
 i hope that you are accomplishing everything you set your kind to
 
 Nope. lol still working on it.
 
 we just get out panites in a knot becuase of our record this year. lol
 
 Sorry for being crabby earlier. Honestly I am PMSing so that is the big reason to why I am annoyed. I am also annoyed with just guys in general. The thing I really liked about Bo
 
 Jason and most of my ex's is that I didn't have to entertain them. I like being around someone who doesn't apologies for everything we can just laugh
 
 be around each other and not explain ourselves. There isn't any pressure to be anything. I am tried of talking about being or not being in a relationship with people. Why can't two people just enjoy each others company without joking
 
 talking
 
 or wondering if this is going to turn into something more.\n     So when you talk about the being 30 thing that itself would be fine but added to the other guys constantly pressuring me to be something I don't know it just rubbed me wrong. Also I get frustrated with you because I know you are not joking all the time. I have talked to you about not wanting to talk about the 30 thing. It makes me wish I never even said it. \n   Like I said that by itself would most likely not bother me but I am just annoyed. I don't want to be pressured into something for any of these guys and I feel like I need to be. I need to be the one for them and I don't want that. I want something comfortable. Someone I can talk to about anything and we can hang out just the two of us without talking about sex or if this is going somewhere. \n   That is one thing I really like about Brandon. We can make out and cuddle at night but the next day we hang out and be friends. We don't have to be perfect for each other. My friend Austin came over tonight and we just watched tv
 
 had dinner and laughed like i haven't laugh in a while. It was just nice. I just wish I could find someone to go on my crazy adventures with me and want to do what I like to do. Every guy I have been with we always did what he liked but I don't know a guy who wants to go bowling or on a random road trip. I know you do but I just don't feel that way with you. Which trust me if I did it would make my life easier. I know God has a plan and I just need to wait for it all to fold out. I am just PMSing and tired. So that is my reasons for being annoyed.
 
 No problem hun. If anyone was going to do the stalking
 
 I would stalk you. ;) lmao jk jk
 
 Thanks... It is good to know that someone has my back. I know who my true friends are cause my true friends have supported me and couldn't imagine me stalking anyone. This bitch is pissed cause I stood up for myself. It is whatever. Thanks again.
 
 Hey hun.. I think that you should just block them all and ignore it. becuase I dont see you stalking anyone. People are idiots.
 
 Aww that sucks
 
 I worked all weekend. so I didnt get a christmas with them. \n:( lol
 
 Thanks! I just have a really bad cough. And I am just chunky!! Hope you had a good Christmas with the kids.  
 
 Sorry about the sick part. I am glad you are having a good time with the family. Sorry about the going back to school part. ;) lol\n\nHope all is well\n\n~mwah~ (in the friendly way)\n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. YOU ARE NOT FAT!. sorry
 
 but you have to deal with that. :D
 
 I'm working. so I dont really get one. lol\n\nI am talking about your 'fat' pics and the one of you sucking in
 
 I loved them all. lol\n\nI want more. ;)
 
 I hope you have a great Christmas too. What pic are you talking about?
 
 Glad its going well hun. :D lol HOpe it keeps up that way. \n\nOh btw. I LOOOOVED your pictures you sent
 
 Merry Christmas! It is going great so far thanks!
 
 Soo how is your day going?
 
 No problem
 
 I'll talk to you later.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I wasnt saying that Christians acted like they were better
 
 (although I have met some that did)\n\nI was just stating my opinion
 
 I wasn't taking a shot at you. lol\n\nIf someone is Christian
 
 Satanic
 
 Muslim
 
 Wiccan
 
 etc... As long as they dont try to convert me
 
 i am completely ok with them...\n\nLike i said
 
 Wasn't trying to single you out or anything
 
 You are a very openminded Christian
 
 as opposed to some I have met.
 
 What faith do you know of that doesn't have the same opportunity as the other? If you are saying that being a Christian has more or better opportunities then others then you would be wrong. So many ppl have tried to get Christianity out of everything but as a Christian we are except everything everyone else does and to make sure all other faiths are treated fairly. So yeah... that is my last little rant on fairiness of religious beliefs.
 
 this is how I feel... I am not going to disrespect you and your faith... so don't do it to mine.
 
 if one religion can be considered to be "correct" then they all can/should have the same opportunity.
 
 i would soooo drive hours so spend a night with yoou. lol what can i say? I like to admire beauty and you have only gotten moreso. (plus you are hott) anyways. before I make you uneasy. lol Good night hun and sorry you couldnt stay in Georgia longer
 
 Good night hun. :)
 
 I only said that because I feel like everytime we talk you bring up something about me wanting you or you wanting me or the 30yr thing. I know you put it in a joke everytime but still after a while it does start to bother me.  \n\nI know you are going through some shit and I feel for ya. She should not be doing this to you. It is just bullshit how you defend her. I have just seen too many good ppl settle for someone who treats them like shit and even if you hide it your children I am sure are just as smart as you and know something is wrong. \n\n\nYou are just a great guy and I hate it. I hope you do find faith again God loves you and wants better for you. He believes in you even if you don't. I will pray for you. \n\n Good night
 
 I specified in the comment that it was a joke
 
 I also did not state that i wanted you
 
 I made the comment about how quick and harsh you came off about her
 
 i found it amusing. that is all. I understand you are not interested in me and i am not even mildly attempting to change that. It was a comment and joke based on your response to me. \n\nWhen/if she leaves
 
 and when/if i look for someone else
 
 it will be me looking for someone probably in their mid to late 20's
 
 divorced
 
 with kids. just so you know\n\nYes
 
 i still find you attractive. Yes
 
 the 30 yr old marraige joke is funny and amusing and i would proablaby be up for it. lol. But do not confuse that with everything else. \n\nYou are not interested and i am not trying to change your mind. I am in a very bad spot right now
 
 and trying to find any form of humor that helps me get through the day. I have to make pretend that everything is fine when i show up for work
 
 and it is hard. \n\nAt the moment
 
 i have no faith
 
 and not sure that i will ever get it back. \n\nI am not trying to rant
 
 but since it seems like that is exactly what i have done
 
  I will stop writing. \n\nI am sorry if i have made you uncomfortable dear. I never intended for that to occur. \n\nbut i will talk to you later. \n\nHave fun with the family.\n\nPhillip
 
 Check out my recent post.. lol
 
 Well
 
 in my relationship
 
 At least one of us doesnt want to do other people.
 
 Well I don't blame you. If I was married even if it wasn't working out I would feel bad/weird having sex with someone else!
 
 The moral of the story is that i wont have sex with anyone other than my wife until after the divorce. And i dont want to.\n\nPhillip
 
 Ok
 
 have a good night
 
 and hopefully a better day tomorrow. Sweet dreams dear.
 
 Not sure if i met you or not. I started out as a friend of Brenton's then progressed to the rest of the family. I go by Phillip. (not the boyfriend phillip) I used to hang out there a bunch in 2006-7
 
 Chatting back and forth w/u about Lisa. She is my brother's baby girl. Did not know if we met b4.  I have met so many of the kids friends through the yrs.... still get some mixed up with which friend to which kid..lol Nice to chat w/ya
 
 This is my work account. (my main account is A. Phillip Johnson) \n\nAnd I would like to thank you for the compliment. I can't wait to get back to the states and see her and the kids.
 
 i wanted to let you know that nicki doesnt want to talk to you. so dont bother contacting her or anything. she told me you had a crush on her but she wanted to let u know that ur too old and your pedophile ways. Also ive seen the messages you sent to her and gotta say too funny that you couldnt see she had no interest in u. so go on about your life or watever is left and dont bother me or her. 
 
 Hi
 
 how are u doing there? I like your profile that is why I've contact u and will like to know u better. Please write back soon to let me know what u think
 
 have a pleasant day
 
 ++ \u0e23\u0e31\u0e1a\u0e14\u0e48\u0e27\u0e19 \u0e08\u0e33\u0e19\u0e27\u0e19\u0e08\u0e33\u0e01\u0e31\u0e14..\n\u0e07\u0e32\u0e19\u0e40\u0e01\u0e35\u0e48\u0e22\u0e27\u0e01\u0e31\u0e1a\u0e42\u0e06\u0e29\u0e13\u0e32 + \u0e1b\u0e23\u0e30\u0e0a\u0e32\u0e2a\u0e31\u0e21\u0e1e\u0e31\u0e19\u0e18\u0e4c \u0e17\u0e33\u0e07\u0e48\u0e32\u0e22\u0e21\u0e32\u0e01\u0e01\u0e01 \n\u0e43\u0e19\u0e21\u0e37\u0e2d\u0e16\u0e37\u0e2d\u0e43\u0e0a\u0e49\u0e44\u0e25\u0e19\u0e4c\u0e44\u0e14\u0e49 \u0e17\u0e33\u0e41\u0e04\u0e48 2-3 \u0e0a\u0e31\u0e48\u0e27\u0e42\u0e21\u0e07\u0e15\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e27\u0e31\u0e19\n \u0e2d\u0e32\u0e17\u0e34\u0e15\u0e22\u0e4c\u0e19\u0e36\u0e07\u0e01\u0e47\u0e44\u0e14\u0e49\u0e1b\u0e23\u0e30\u0e21\u0e32\u0e13 3-5 \u0e1e\u0e31\u0e19 \n(\u0e02\u0e36\u0e49\u0e19\u0e01\u0e31\u0e1a\u0e40\u0e27\u0e25\u0e32\u0e17\u0e33\u0e07\u0e32\u0e19)\u0e40\u0e07\u0e34\u0e19\u0e42\u0e2d\u0e19\u0e43\u0e2b\u0e49\u0e17\u0e38\u0e01\u0e27\u0e31\u0e19\u0e1e\u0e24\u0e2b\u0e31\u0e2a \n\u0e40\u0e04\u0e49\u0e32\u0e23\u0e31\u0e1a\u0e08\u0e33\u0e19\u0e27\u0e19\u0e08\u0e33\u0e01\u0e31\u0e14 \u0e15\u0e2d\u0e19\u0e19\u0e35\u0e49\u0e40\u0e2b\u0e25\u0e37\u0e2d\u0e2d\u0e35\u0e01\u0e44\u0e21\u0e48\u0e01\u0e35\u0e48\u0e04\u0e19\n \u0e2a\u0e19\u0e43\u0e08\u0e17\u0e34\u0e49\u0e07\u0e0a\u0e37\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e19\u0e32\u0e21\u0e2a\u0e01\u0e38\u0e25\u0e08\u0e23\u0e34\u0e07_ \u0e0a\u0e37\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e40\u0e25\u0e48\u0e19__\u0e40\u0e1a\u0e2d\u0e23\u0e4c\u0e42\u0e17\u0e23__ \n\u0e2d\u0e32\u0e22\u0e38__ \u0e2d\u0e32\u0e0a\u0e35\u0e1e_\u0e08\u0e31\u0e07\u0e2b\u0e27\u0e31\u0e14\u0e17\u0e35\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e22\u0e38\u0e48\u0e1b\u0e31\u0e08\u0e08\u0e38\u0e1a\u0e31\u0e19__\n\u0e40\u0e14\u0e35\u0e4b\u0e22\u0e27\u0e42\u0e17\u0e23\u0e44\u0e1b\u0e2d\u0e18\u0e34\u0e1a\u0e32\u0e22\u0e27\u0e34\u0e18\u0e35\u0e17\u0e33\u0e07\u0e32\u0e19\u0e43\u0e2b\u0e49\u0e1f\u0e31\u0e07\u0e01\u0e48\u0e2d\u0e19 \n\u0e44\u0e21\u0e48\u0e2a\u0e19\u0e44\u0e21\u0e48\u0e40\u0e1b\u0e47\u0e19\u0e44\u0e23 \u0e02\u0e2d\u0e2d\u0e32\u0e22\u0e38 18 \u0e02\u0e36\u0e49\u0e19\u0e44\u0e1b \u0e08\u0e49\u0e32\u0e32\u0e32" \nTEL : 0831271500 \u0e40\u0e01\u0e49\u0e07  &gt;&gt; \u0e40\u0e08\u0e49\u0e32\u0e2b\u0e19\u0e49\u0e32\u0e17\u0e35\u0e48 &lt;&lt;&lt;
 
 ok
 
 when she gets back on and we talk more
 
 I'm going to see about buying nudes (since she likes them and they need money) and see if I can  move from there. and if you watched me fuck her.... she'd make out with you and you know it. lol
 
 It would be weird enough watching you fuck her
 
 id still get off mind you
 
 but awkward
 
 I dont think I could do her and me. Her and you maybe
 
 but I have enough issues with girls and I dont think about her that way.
 
 so.. if he approved
 
 and she was into it
 
 and started making out with you?  woul dyou be into it? lol
 
 I know that she has problems even with rocky sometimes
 
 and she loves and trusts him explicitely
 
 I see her like a little sister I feel like I have to orotect her
 
 ?
 
 if she started making out with you and was into it
 
 Probably not so much cause id be too worried about her the whole time
 
 lol so if we paid rocky and katey for a threesome with me and you and katey? lol
 
 If you were bored by it it wouldnt work for me
 
 I get off on it a litle bit
 
 mainly cause you get off on it. Its a weird thing I dont know how to explain it. Kinda the same way I get off on watching you screw other girls.
 
 right now
 
 the mass public vote for cars is equal between the nissan and the chevy dammit. ROFL
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2879041875.html  there you go....
 
 is my fetish starting to be your fetish? lol
 
 what was the smile for? lol
 
 :D
 
 but no payments. 
 
 oh... the Chevy Nova 62  he said he can keep the 2nd engine and discount the car
 
 lol
 
 because you want her
 
 and /or nude photos of her. 
 
 Lol im glad there getting some
 
 now im horny damn it.
 
 lmfao
 
 he was reading mine and her conversation
 
 and then pulled he raway from the comptuer to go fuck her. lol (I think I'm gettign him on board now)
 
 but that woudl be why she and rocky would have to approve
 
 shes turned on that you are turned on by my fetish. rofl
 
 I worry about her. She pushes herself to far and then breaks. Id hate for you and patially me to be the cause of that
 
 i already told her that if we talked more about the 'bigger' loans she would have to get it approved with Rocky since he already knows about my fetish
 
 why?
 
 well
 
 that im actually way more comfortable with lol
 
 since they are for smaller 'loans'
 
 and she knows that I do 25-30 pictures for 50$ 
 
 so I might be able to purchase pictures of her (not quite sleeping with her
 
 but it would help them out money wise)
 
 whatever works
 
 i dont have anything against her doing it. Hell i dont mind doing it myself if my boyfriend is taking the pictures. Im just honestly surprised not that she would be okay with it
 
 but that she is THAT into it lol
 
 modeling...
 
 lol
 
 so she was considering real  porn
 
 i just dont think I saw that one lol
 
 apparnetly she wants a page in hustler... but he said no. rofl
 
 whatever floats her boat
 
 I dont think I would have seen her asbe ing that much of an exhibitionist. 
 
 what?
 
 well
 
 huh
 
 haha.... so apparently she's going to try to convince rocky to let me buy some
 
 or to help with the site rofl
 
 she loves taking nudes
 
 she just read that I buy nude photos
 
 and we talked that I was working on a site
 
 (if I could find someone to do free ones to help me get it started) and she just about 'came' right there. lol 
 
 rofl its insulated. that would take years
 
 put your thingy (thirstbuster) in the freezer with water and wait. lol
 
 that means i have to drink lukewarm ice free water all day. I hope the universe realizes what a trial this is
 
 hate them all lol
 
 :'(
 
 bastards did it just tou pset me
 
 long meeting
 
 they ordered pizza
 
 he's the 1920's style remember
 
 :( I wanted soda
 
 .... :/    
 
 Wow....I really didnt think your fetish was that hard to understand
 
 oh.. no lunch today
 
 hahaha
 
 omg its funny
 
 ohh... katey is trying to explain to rocky my fetish in 'his' termonology
 
 then she was like OH and ate it
 
 she just is picky
 
 she didnt ask what it was until right now
 
 ahh.. ok
 
 no cause kris buys wheat too
 
 it looks different
 
 that might be it
 
 oh duh only thing we have
 
 wheat bread?
 
 thatswh y I made it today lol I was trying to ease herin 
 
 WHIch I knew she liked grilled cheese
 
 lmfao
 
 likes it
 
 and eat more? or just one bite?
 
 she like it?
 
 Hahahaha I WOOOOONNN!!!
 
 Ive even gone so far as to text Kris so if shes as stubborn as our kids and still there this afternoon he knows why
 
 haha
 
 May the battle begin!
 
 I told her she could take a bite or sitat  the table till daddy comes to get her.....
 
 haha
 
 I told her that she had to take at least one bite before she could leave the tablej (baby steps with that one lol) so she is sitting at the table pouting staring at her grilled cheese. Which Im pretty sure is something that Kris makes for her
 
 Kahlen is pisssssseeed
 
 Roflmao poor rocky
 
 so I apologized again
 
 and she's not
 
 still finds it funny
 
 but Rocky is about ready to flip. HAHA
 
 after kateys episode I asked if I offended her with the joke/not joke. 
 
 lol
 
 Poor boy doesnt know how to deal 
 
 lol
 
 I think its having someone even slightly similar to him in the house. They gravitate towards the same toys. they have the same pretend style where they pick one thing and thats all they really wnat to be. They keep going for the sames tuff and its making him nuts
 
 she does the same thing at her house
 
 eventually
 
 damn... well he'll get used to it
 
 Adam just basically threw saundra's lego box thing across the room while screaming because Kahlen touched it. Today is not a good day for him
 
 ok
 
 fuck that. I'll find another one. 
 
 f that
 
 wants credit card info
 
 cost mulah 
 
 can you change it to elfman89
 
 Please note that you can change your password at any time by clicking on the settings link at the top of the page.\n\n
 
 e9bd93\n
 
 check your email lol i assume you haveit  up there already
 
 i dont friggin know
 
 its being weird. it says your registered so its sending the password to your email......
 
 so if you make one
 
 make the password elfman89
 
 wait... I never made a password for that site
 
 marissa
 
 but which password?
 
 wont let me do it without your log in apj_elfman@yahoo.com i assume
 
 sooo.... lol
 
 Me=free lawyer=175$
 
 I can do it myself
 
 ... or make the lawyer do it
 
 see if you can download this
 
 http://www.docstoc.com/docs/15543/Testimonial-Affidavit
 
 Two hindred is less then 1500 :P you should bring me soda if/when you take linch
 
 and selling the second engine is a minimum of 200$
 
 I dont buy until I do all adding and subtracting
 
 Not when it comes to your buying or money makingschemes
 
 I do. :P
 
 You dont think things through all the time
 
 it makes me craaaazxxxxy
 
 just to get info
 
 :P 
 
 sucks to be you
 
 I'm checking on selling the engine price now
 
 and asking about it 
 
 I mightjust moon over it for a while and sob that I cant have it. No remember I grew up with robs I will do it projects filling my yard
 
 if it nesds more then a days worth of work. .  . Its a no until I win the lottery
 
 dont beleive you. lol
 
 it would sit in the garage and never get done
 
 roflmao thats just too much
 
 lol
 
 ok
 
 then you sell the second engine and get most of your money back. 
 
 lol too much work
 
 but its pretty
 
 instead of rebuilding
 
 so you would drop it in as part of the restore
 
 its low mileage on it
 
 its for the restore
 
 
 
 what would wedo  with a second engine?
 
 that guy needs money... it comes with a second engine
 
 and it runs. lol
 
 No too much money
 
 but its sooooo preeeetttttyyyyy
 
 hahah
 
 hahah
 
 AND YOU KONW IT. ;) hehe
 
 lol    you'd be good with me getting that and one of those other cars. 
 
 I want it
 
 its a boat and it needs work and will have horrible gas mileage but but but I waaa&amp;aaaaaaant :'(
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2876222891.html ohh ohh ohhh ohh
 
 oops
 
 forgot to put the garbage out this morning. oops
 
 well sucks to be her. lol
 
 she just looked so offended lol
 
 Linds and Nick do sometimes but its rare and on the butt and only after like three hours of screaming
 
 No one smacks her really
 
 Oh i did
 
 I think her brain bout exploded
 
 she can't do it at home
 
 she knows better
 
 smack her
 
 Kahlen has already found crayons and colored on the wall. child makes me nuts
 
 prolly
 
 Maybe it will halp if I take my iron. . .
 
 kk
 
 Ugh idk probably the black ch
 
 which one?
 
 so... ignoring money since they are all the same price. 
 
 Cause you a freak lol
 
 mine dont. :P
 
 everytime iveb ought a car that costs more then that they blow up on me
 
 well
 
 i think it should be 600 or less soth ere
 
 :P
 
 to much money lol
 
 i vote none of the above
 
 so go vote. lol
 
 they are both too expensive :P
 
 I posted the porche
 
 nissan
 
 and chevy and asking for votes
 
 rofl no
 
 u gettin on my wall and voting on the car to buy?
 
 muah back 
 
 okey dokey. MWAH!
 
 d
 
 I just wanted to warn you so if you came home for lunch or to change before pt and im curled up in a ball you wont be completely surprise
 
 I dont know
 
 stress I guess
 
 same shit thats been going on the past two weeks. But i can feel my heart racing and that chest tight
 
 that comes before. Im trying to calm
 
 Ive put the coffee away
 
 im trying to distract myself. It hasnt gotten worse
 
 it just hasnt gotten better either.
 
 howcome?
 
 I dont know what time but im definitely going to have a panic attack or breakdown today
 
 just so your warned. I can feel it coming.
 
 &lt;3
 
 I just remembered you haveto meet kris tonight and get him a pass so he can bring kahlen in the am
 
 K
 
 I lose links
 
 so I can email them when I get back from my meeting
 
 keep that link up at home
 
 k ttyl
 
 out of those id say the 300 zx 
 
 brb
 
 needs a new fuel injector
 
 the hobnda no way
 
 the 300zx is cool
 
 but it would be a pain putting the kids in and out
 
 i love them though.
 
 if it goes away when your accelerating its probably a mount
 
 figured either a mount or a front strut
 
 the neon?
 
 that would be a mechanic fix cause we dont have the tools
 
 the 1996 dodge has a broken motor mount.
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2858860013.html ???
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2873799534.html ???
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2873814678.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2873886368.html
 
 dont tempt me
 
 i want it
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2857194107.html  ROFL just for you
 
 too expensive
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2874380023.html
 
 kk
 
 NEED milk and diapers
 
 oh annd before i forget
 
 i want scramblers and toaster struedel
 
 I want corn chips and spicy bean dip
 
 i want sixteen gallons of soda and a steak
 
 i want food
 
 like everything in the grocery store
 
 but we can just keep filling the transmission fluid
 
 we will never fix it
 
 i already said eh
 
 you showed me that one
 
 probably at least 400 or so
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2875807696.html
 
 I am looking for dead fucking cheap. it'll be the easiest thing they ever do in reguards to a divorce
 
 this isj ust basic why you need them. any details can come when you actually hire them
 
 sent
 
 nope
 
 looks good to me
 
 anything you think I should add??
 
 My name is Allen Phillip Johnson
 
 and I am active duty military. My wife and I filed for divorce in leavenworth county and have a final hearing in April. She has a waiver on file so she does not have to attend (as she is in Idaho). We are both attending equivilants to the GRASP course in our respective states. I am looking to see how much it would cost to have a lawyer appear on my behalf at the final hearing
 
 and submit the GRASP course equivilant certificates.  I am currently in Tucson and dont have the time from work to get back up to Kansas.
 
 got that allf illed
 
 now whats you message?
 
 go down to contact
 
 a specific lawyer. Ill fill it in
 
 (if I have to drive a fucking stick
 
 it'll be a pretty one dammit
 
 what does that give you
 
 http://www.lawyers.com/Kansas/Leavenworth/Michael-Crow-1006409-a.html
 
 yeah i would want to know how long it had been sitting
 
 damage
 
 and the rear frame damage wasn't obvious and she said it is still legal with the dammae
 
 trying to find when the last time it was running was
 
 but its fun looking lol
 
 I apparently dont have a fucking choice. lol
 
 yea yea yea
 
 its a stick.....
 
 hasn't been registered in a couple yaers..
 
 trying to get more info. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2843874730.html  what do you think of this car?
 
 getting the main page again. just a minute
 
 ahh.. hang on then
 
 its just the generalzed error page for the site
 
 the page you sent me doesnt have blanks
 
 where do you want me to put that in? 
 
 Divorce
 
 Tucson Arizona 85708
 
 9136690172
 
 apj_elfman@yahoo.com
 
 Allen Phillip Johnson
 
 anyways...
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2843874730.html  if I insured the van and this car it would 76$ a month. LMAO  
 
 ok I'll send you what I want in there
 
 ?
 
 what do yous want me to do
 
 okay a problem thing is what it says
 
 it wont let me here
 
 to this site..
 
 http://www.lawyers.com/default.aspx?lid=1006409&amp;lidType=a&amp;request_url=/Kansas/Leavenworth/Contact-Michael-Crow-1006409-a.html&amp;sc_itemid={7C7AD1FE-8BEC-408B-B1F5-616AB4CFC0AB}
 
 if I tel lyou want to type can you send something for me?
 
 kk
 
 hopefully i will at least get the energy to pick up upstairs tomorrow
 
 not vaccum
 
 cause that hurts somehow now.
 
 so saturday after i meet up with nana and the "girls" then mom and i will come back here and bust the rest out 
 
 :D 
 
 8*4=34
 
  after all
 
 ive been working for you for 8 months now
 
 I know
 
 i would have soooo many shoes
 
 thats like 4 pairs of shoes. lol
 
 put them on the credit card lol
 
 hey just pay me in heels
 
 thats a loooooooot of shoes
 
 :P
 
 can't afford it
 
 lol nope I want 700 a month :)
 
 kris is paying me 200 dollars  amonth for watching kahlen. sooooo you should pay me at least like 700
 
 ok
 
 you can be on top tonight. rofl theres your raise. ;)
 
 btw
 
 i was thinking......i want a raise
 
 ive still got that half of the job down
 
 watching your kids :D
 
 lol what do I pay you for then? ;)
 
 more then I can usually do.  Im really sucknig at the whole housekeeper part of this job lately lol
 
 hey I got the bottom floor picked up.
 
 kk Imma throw clothes down tonight
 
 (hopefully)
 
 whichever one it is
 
 or anemia
 
 or high sugar
 
 stupid blood pressure
 
 but im putting that off till tomorrow causei m all woozy again
 
 Your laundry still needs to be brought out of the bedroom
 
 and I still have to clean the kids rooms
 
 I feel slightly better
 
 the laundry room
 
 living room and kitchen have been swept. I took all the garbage out
 
 yay lawyers lol
 
 I'm trying to get a lawyer quote
 
 lol 
 
 with the exception of the laundry
 
 all of my stuff pretty much fits inm y purse
 
 im slightly dissapointed by this.
 
 yeah the answers NO NO NO NO NO
 
 LMFAO HAHAHHAHA
 
 well we could pay her to come over to celan and me and her could disappear. lol
 
 lol
 
 not when mom willcl ean for real for free
 
 I am notp aying her to stand around pretending to clean
 
 rofl no
 
 or 2 cartons to do it while you rested
 
 thats what i gave her lol
 
 when she was living withe her mom
 
 I'd giver her a carton of smokes to help you clean the house. lol
 
 yeah no ive tried that one before
 
 but if she got paid to do it
 
 she might do it betteer. lol
 
 lindsey isnt the worlds best cleaner
 
 mom is coming
 
 rofl no
 
 haha we should pay Lindsey to come over and help clean. haha. get her away from Nicholas and have an actual conversation about the fetish. ROFL HAHA
 
 lol
 
 ur mum coming over?
 
 leaving hard stuff till saturday lol
 
 garbage out
 
 laundry room picked up. Just basic
 
 im cleaning
 
 it happens
 
 attempting to look up fucking lawyers but most of the sites are blocke don the gov computers
 
 haha.. darn. kinda wanted to go. :P lol
 
 rofl im still good lol
 
 what if they have a baby unit. lol
 
 forget that. too much crap in this house
 
 UPCOMING AUCTION SCHEDULE. PLEASE KEEP POSTED TO THIS WEBSITE AS THIS IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE. REMEMBER IF OUR TENTANT PAYS UP
 
 THEIR UNIT WILL  NOT BE AUCTIONED. \n \n\nSO FAR 95 UNITS... BE PREPARED FOR LONG DAYS\n \n\nFIRST DAY OF AUCTION - March 6 @ 8:00am\n8AM START - 4320 W. Ina Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85741 ( 2 units )\n3905 W. Magee Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85741 (3 units)\n3535 W. Magee Road Tucson
 
 AZ 85741 (3 Units)\n3131 W. Orange Grove. Tucson
 
 AZ 85741 (6 units)\n3939 N Romero Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85705 (8 units)\n1901 N. Oracle Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85705 (14 units )\n5450 S. Country Club Tucson
 
 AZ 85706 (10 units)\n9025 E. Camino Abril Tucson
 
 AZ 85747 RITA RANCH (1 units)\n8300 E. Valencia Rd.
 
 85747 (4 Units)\n \n\n \n\n***NEXT DAY AUCTIONS*** March 7th \n8AM START - 1747 S. Swan Tucson
 
 AZ 85711 (7 units)\n3745 S. Kolb Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85730 (7 units)\n7185 E. I-10 Frontage Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85756  (3 Units and a Ford Explorer)\n8325 E. Golf Links Rd. Tucson
 
 AZ 85730 (2 units)\n8125 E 22nd St. Tucson
 
 AZ 85710 (6 units)\n8600 E. Speedway Tucson
 
 AZ 85710 (12 units)\n9685 E. Broadway Tucson
 
 AZ 85748 (7 units)\n
 
 well tucson.... is having a sale. just got an email update from one of the sites
 
 remmeber storage wars.. lol
 
 funny funny. 
 
 hey
 
 when?
 
 You gonna meet me at moms?
 
 And apparently im high sugar but I doubt shes onna make me do three hr since im going crazy
 
 Im half tempted to chug castor oil
 
 "we cant induce you but we wont stop if you go into labor"
 
 No preeclampsia
 
 My blood pressures ridiculous still waiting on doctor
 
 lol
 
 hows it going... 
 
 And im bored. . .
 
 And im bored. . .
 
 My tummy hurts
 
 Not yet lol headed now
 
 anyways... you at the doctors yet?
 
 I'm horrible I know
 
 so I know her head is still thinking. HAHA
 
 they kinda suck on money
 
 so I made a purchase price estimate and said you already agreed to provide a cover story
 
 and that she could be paid in payments if it is a large price. lol 
 
 Roflmao well thats one less drama lol. Ugh this stress hormone is makong me so argumentative....bad bad bad
 
 so as for right now
 
 nothing with her to worry about
 
 Looks like sissy is making her self crazy and sick from the 'stress' and 'guilt' about the 'discussions' so we are on hold until at one point she is single again. I told her ok
 
 no problem and to just remember that the offers are still there if she needs/wants money later on. 
 
 ouch
 
 Just finished an hour and half religious/homosexuality/political "discussion" woth my mom. Hormones make me dumb
 
 leaving now. finally 
 
 we had an hour brief wooo!
 
 :(
 
 never ending to do list
 
and it all needs to be done or started in the next two months. I feell ike I should make lists but I know they will help in absoloutely no way
 
 need to find
 
 I know. grr..... damn folder
 
 the house is  amess
 
 Oh and this weekend I want to see if mom will come over and help me clean
 
 and we need to get insurance obviously and find you a car
 
 Now left on my/your to do list is \nget Kris base pass/directions to house tomorrow\nget children enrolled in school. For which I need to get a copy of Rene's birth certificate
 
 I think I have her shot records.\nWe need Adams birth certificate and shot records. Then we can go down sometime next month and get it done. \nother then that there is the screening
 
 once you get Adam screened then we need to get him a 504 plan. \nAnd after everything settles down
 
 probably after Saundra's birthday I really need to get Billy all the way potty trained so I can start on Saundrazilla\n
 
 Yay
 
 that will be done
 
 ok
 
 just emailed them
 
 Im so sick/tired/crazy right now. I cant express the reality in words.
 
 sounds like ap lan to me
 
 lol ok 3800 it is. and I will still replace the tire on Thursday afternoon
 
 But im cheap
 
 andwhileilove our van id have probablynever boufht it
 
 Your the one that has todealwith it. I think theyare stupid for paying that much
 
 They ran CarFax and the wife was like
 
 looks good
 
 and if you liked it in the test drive I'm good. lol
 
 You ok with 3800 for the ford?
 
 Billy just told me my boobs are dying cause they fell down. And that one is "soooooo bigger" im gonna cry :(
 
 should be free
 
 I can't afford 2K$ on their screenings when I'm tricare covered. 
 
 IF... they take tricare
 
 Yay march lol
 
 Yay march lol
 
 I have lol so billy is sitting on the toilet and rene is reading cosmo
 
 and tell them to go away
 
 this autism place can do the screenings in March
 
 Good plan love. Im in the tub
 
 but billy and renehave decided I need comoany
 
 found an autism screening place in TUcson. 1000$ a kid... FUCK THAT.. I'm checking to see if they take Tricare. lol
 
 mwah have fun
 
 rofl no i just put on a kids movie
 
 i think im going to try to sneak in a quick bath. Maybe a fifteen minute soak will calm my nerves enough i can push some of this migraine out. now to sneak upstairs without them noticing lol
 
 corner! lol
 
 stupid heads
 
 demon children wont leave the couch. I give up.
 
 lol
 
 lol I never sleep and neither do the kids. Im just going to go empty my stomach
 
 and curl up on the couch for a while. Hopefully the kids will play upstairs &lt;3
 
 more night night
 
 okay
 
 imma go i may be back in an half hour or so
 
 im not feeling well again. I reallly think the whole headache sick thing is stress which is causing more stress which is making it worse etc etc etc. 
 
 rogfl
 
 I'll skip a 'purchase' to buy a computer dammit . lol
 
 ahah I will have a new one by then guaranteed
 
 next leap year lol
 
 maybe
 
  roflmao 
 
 that actually kinda sucks cause you do need one
 
 maybe in another 4 years
 
 oh well lol 
 
 awe poor baby
 
 damn. only 250$ available on the starcard
 
 Lol you deal wirh the moneycause you knowill freakk
 
 its 200$ off
 
 haha if we buy a 700$ or more computer  on aafes
 

 
 checking the star card now
 
 Rofl yay do we need anything?
 
 lol 29 dollars off every 100$ spent at the BX tomorrow
 
 You didnt do it
 
 ive been pushing myself for a few weeks now trying to pretend im ok and holding myself as normal as possible. I cant stand letting muself lose it but eventually it catches up with me. I keep thinking ive let enoughexcess out I can hold it in again but im wrong
 
 I'm sorry..
 
 Ugh done peeing
 
 just on tume to vomit from my crying worsrned headache.
 
 Youll survive
 
 (93rd is the people we belong to)
 
 93rd requrires 5 days a week
 
 yea... no 
 
 Have fun with that &lt;3 u
 
 joy
 
 I also have to get my full service dress ready for thursday or friday to receive my (letter of reprimand) for my failure
 
 and I have to do the 1630 (430) on thursday
 
 Ok... Sgt littleton said that I can do 0700 Monday
 
 tuesday
 
 wed
 
 and Friday
 
 Throw in im sicky poo  :)
 
 which is what we are going with
 
 Yeah kinda ridiculous for you to pick me up that early with my two kids...
 
 That would be easier
 
 you dont do am well and rhe earlier you are up the earlier they and subsequently me are up
 
 ESPECIALLY with 12 hour notice
 
 and according to my story
 
 I have to pick you and your kids up. .. ... and 530 will cause issues
 
 I am seeing if I can get the 0530 ones changed
 
 Its not horrible
 
 just a little bruised. I held back and kinda turned my hand so its mostly my pinky ring finger area
 
 I told you im going crazy
 
 I hate not being in control
 
 Well
 
 thatll be fun. Tomorrow we have to get kris pass. He just called yo remind me
 
 ice!
 
 I dont know
 
 I keep losing it. I hold myself as normal as I can as long as I can then I lose it. I got so sick of cryong o just got pissd and punched the wall.
 
 Monday:          0530  Benko main lobby \nTuesday:          0700  Benko main lobby \nWednesday:    0530  Benko main lobby \nThursday:        1630  Benko main lobby \nFriday:            0700  Benko main lobby \n(I swear
 
 they fucking hate me
 
 I already said that afternoons were bad
 
 and 530 fucked with childcare)
 
 you are definately telling the doctor
 
 new PT schedule. WTF! why did you hit the wall.?
 
 I already told mom to make me but im telling you too
 
 make me tell the doc im losing it. This cant be good for me  or the baby. I think I bruised my hand
 
 Yeah but I dont know what so it duo esnt work lol
 
 do you want anything?
 
 getting sushi from the Commisary and coming home for a quick lunch... 
 
 ?
 
 And adam is sleeping on the floor
 
 So wh#n you get home we can discuss it but atleast for nap time billy is now the owner of adams bed
 
 Its cold in the house.
 
 No cause im still watching babys and busting ass so there :P granted im so dizzy nauseous from it im not movong lol
 
 lol
 
 and I Have one to so no worries
 
 so you done making fun of me for my migraines? :P
 
 My head hurts sooooo bad. Its not even funny. Painkillers no help. Sucks
 
 I feel like you. I dobt like it
 
 ?
 
 Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
 
 I thoughthere was a dog or something coming down the stairs cause I saw ir out of the corner of my eye. It was saundra in a bumble bee costume
 
 kk
 
 ugh well
 
 ill see you when you get home
 
 i have to go pee again and then beat children &lt;3 
 
 lol
 
 im already tired of the pee collection and I have only peed twice lol
 
 lmfao
 
 hey I think about these things. I mean what if we wnat to have a backyard bbq
 
 I dont want to HAVE to invite the person living in my backyard
 
 I want to wnt them there. Its important :P
 
 lol
 
 I just hope IF we get the house that we find someone who Ii can be friends with. I would hate to share my backyard with a "tenant"
 
 :P
 
 lol horn dog
 
 and we could alwasy get a nice sexy couple to move in. (or nice single chick with kids. lol)
 
 lol
 
 icky
 
 walls have color
 
 the floors and counters should be neutrals
 
 I dont want crazy partiers in my backyard lol we wouldnt be broke
 
 and I could rip out that ugly fucking tile and counter
 
 PLUS!!!! the BAH which is 1K a month. rofl
 
 we make 250
 
 hopefully to either someone we know or someone with kids
 
 mortgage is like 400
 
 just think... if we get it rented for 650$
 
 hehe
 
 nice. lets see if we can get it. 
 
 if we pay utilities we can charge up to 650 and anyone would jump at it
 
 you got to think a two bedroom APARTMENT with utilities is going to run between 750 and 850 minimum
 
 utilities included yes
 
 would they pay 500? for a 2 bedroom
 
 there are lots of people I know
 
 Katey would be good
 
 Taylor lol Jack if she decides to stay in town lol
 
 we can get someone to rent it. hmm Katey?  lol
 
 So much green and it isnt even a pretty green
 
 haha..... we can change the inside. :P
 
 RUGS LOTS AND LOTS OF RUGS
 
 Uh no
 
 and dude I like Green BUT FUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
 
 soo... sissy and nick renting. HAHA\nfor 500 a month paid utilities
 
 we so could
 
 we just dont want to lol
 
 hmm. Imma get more info on it. .. heheh its VA approved
 
 and we cannot do three with 5 kids
 
 if we got the top one... and made it like 82K for expenses mortage would be 391.48$ a month. ROFL
 
 with just us we can do a three lol
 
 think we could swing a 4 bedroom? and rent the guest house? rofl
 
 I have been fn four times this month 
 
 I went everytime they made me :P
 
 we have seen all of those babe :P except maybe the top one
 
 preclamptic in earlier stages normally presents itself differently and if you went to the hospital everytime you should have.... then they would have
 
 Well
 
 I googled preeclampsia
 
 how have they not made me pee for 24 hrs before? Tiredness
 
 panick attacks
 
 stomach pain
 
 dizziness
 
 anemia
 
 like everything that I have had wrong with me the past four months lol
 
 new houses
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wvszquyjgpt&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1
 
 lol
 
 roflmao thats how it works there ive noticed
 
 ok leaving in like 20 minutes. lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 well on the way home
 
 I have been ordered to call the divorce eduaction class place today. see if Az's class will work for Ks. 
 
 real friends live
 
 hell ive owed tay a hundred for three years now
 
 yeah right
 
 which is why she hasn't asked before. she though borrowing money and possibly not being able to pay it back would ruin your guys friendship
 
 lol
 
 who knows... now that Katey knows the fetish
 
 maybe they'll ask for money when they really need it since they wouldn't have to worry about paying it back
 
 Mikey says he has no problem watching the kids wednesday cause its aims day anyway btu that if we need a babysitter too often we need to come up with someone else. Kris has made him really sick of missing school
 
 :P haha
 
 roflmao
 
 I dont care about your fetish
 
 just her
 
 i know
 
 and I'm sorry I have weird fetishes
 
 rofl i still hate it and her
 
 make you smile. 
 
 I nkow. but you can call her a whore and it be true. ;) rofl
 
 yeah
 
 like I said im trying
 
 the realtor is looking into more houses again
 
 might be switching Lenders so we can get the mortgage faster
 
 if I can buy her
 
 I'll speed my dp process and be ok with it.. it sounds like a fair trade... so I'll work on that. k?
 
 yeah you keep thinking that
 
 and ill keep trying
 
 but the way this is goingwe  ar talking ten years from now right when you figure out how to be ok with me and dp
 
 LMMFAO
 
 See I'm making him a sane man. 
 
 I know
 
 at least by the end of everything
 
 at least one of his damn paranoias will be true
 
 This is the first thing even close to a reason Linds has given him
 
 He was like this with me...ALL DAY EVERYDAY. cause I wasnt pregnant
 
 so I was still going out once a week. I even only went to Kris and Linds for like 8 months to try to calm him
 
 but he thought my brother was bringing guys over behind his back lol
 
 haha
 
 he really needs to grow the fuck up
 
 Im barely capable of dealing with the flirting
 
 No
 
 dont wanther
 
 not for me
 
 not for you
 
 not for us
 
 roflmao lol
 
 Ohh...... ok. hahah
 
 and he'll think we are trying to steal lindsey for ourselves
 
 and that we are all in on it against him. 
 
 no block from the post not my profile lol
 
 (they are buying next year)
 
 dont block him
 
 he'll really throw a hissy fit
 
 it doesnt fit my mental perception of him
 
 james shouldnt rent lol
 
 Eh whatever
 
 I like it whan I get a long with him but when he pulls this it irritates me. I think im gonna make a fb update and just block him lol
 
 I sooo want t omake a status update about it... but that would start more drama
 
 bc  you know he's fb stalking me. ROFL
 
 James is renting until next year. lol
 
 lol I hate drama
 
 but.. if he's gonna be a child
 
 we will just ignore him. which sucks
 
 I kinda wanted to at least make him not hate me
 
 dealt with. Linds/nicholas is the only one who doesnt know. I figure on monday before my appt I will tell her. And she can ignore telling nicholas/make something up. If he asks you at some point in the future then "nikki didnt want to deal with the paranoid bs shes aw on you face"
 
 &lt;3
 
 I know that mans pms better then anyone but her roflmao
 
 No problem
 
 (less drama)
 
 we have to make sure that it does not make it look like lindsey texted me
 
 and its all from you asking nick if he was in a bad mood or tired
 
 anything else
 
 stupid jealous and I dont want to deal
 
 I could get him saying dont text unless i the kids are here and it betterbe  about the kids
 
 I texted mikey and told him he might be missing school on wed. Depending on mom since I have an appt and Lindsey is no longer going to be watching my children :P
 
 thats just a bonus
 
 Ooh yeah
 
 ur mom is going to lose her shit on nicholas
 
 Mikey/mom can watch them
 
 fuck that
 
 its ridiculous. I refuse to go through him/ have you tip toe. No texting no phone calls to the woman who is watching my kids from the kids father.
 
 No shes not watching the kids anymore
 
 35yr old man needs to grow the fuck up
 
 and should understand everything
 
 given the amount of shit he went throguh with parker. 
 
 fuck that
 
 if/when lindsey watches them again
 
 I'm just going to physically call nicholas (not text) to check on the kids that covers 'going through him' and lindseys dont text her when he's there. lol
 
 lol
 
 I guess Mikey is missing school for a while
 
 thats what I think. Obviously my sister cant watch my kids anymore
 
 because if you texting to check on the kids is going to set him off... I cant be the only one able to check on the kids. Especially when Im IDK in LABOR or at the hospital etc. We are to old for this around the corner you text mom who texts her etc etc baby shit. 
 
 FUCK HIM!
 
 so me checking on my fucking kids is abnormal?
 
 he apparently wasn't happy with me txt
 
 Lindsey didn't say she texted me back. (good thing I added that you told me he looked pissed)   He didn't respond
 
 but lindsey sent me another text (that he doesnt know about) so I am not allowed to text her at all for anything while he is there
 
 including kids and shit. apparently he's going paranoid now
 
 and thinks everything is 'off' 
 
 did he respond to you?
 
 @  moms
 
 Headed to house from bike shop. Just dropped of mom be home in twenty
 
 And you cant organize two bags....
 
 Whatever last one to touch it
 
 they were organized. 
 
 I didn't knock it over
 
 you all threw my bowling bags around
 
 Couldnt figure out why the car smelled like gas. You knocked over the whole blue thing. Gas all over the towel and all in there
 
 Yeah you think haha
 
 haha
 
 24 hours from my next pee
 
 what time?
 
 Oh and we have to try to figuee something out tonight I have to drop my pee off tomorrow evening....
 
 Hour or so. Ill send message when closer
 
 kk. when will you be there
 
 I'm hungry
 
 Not there yet. Still leaving and mom wants to pick something up on her way home or something.
 
 I can take lunch now itf you want. 
 
 you there now?
 
 Gonna pick me up at moms in an hour or so? So I can collect my pee lol
 
 haha
 
 Yeah I know we were talking that im going to have billy and adam in front of the fridge screaming they want apple juice
 
 rene yelling at them its pee not apple juice
 
 hahah  fun fun.. 'apple juice' 
 
 Ok so im borderline preeclaamptic so they are sending me home to collect my pee for 24hrs to test definitively. Oh and I have to refrigerate it.....and im anemic lol.
 
 and she knows that it is a joke
 
 and not a joke all at the same time. lol
 
 oh.... Katey through the comment from the toher night was Hysterical. HAHA
 
 dont emphasize the contractions and 4 kids
 
 they'll induce immediately. rofl
 
 I know jeeze they make me ge vt my blood drawn do catheters pinch poke and hypothesize and wonder why id be aggitated even though im habing contractionsnd have four kids at home lol
 
 haha
 
 no wonder you have high BP
 
 Ugh I jixt want them to send me home or induce me. Its the three hour wait that makes me nuts
 
 Gotta love it
 
 ROFL
 
 soo..... 29th?
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Yay
 
morelabs
 
 since you and lyndsey are on the same plan
 
 your endings will be the same so I can email her a txt checking on the kids
 
 it will show up at your cellphone number at like mms.att.net so something similar
 
 
 
 send me an email
 
 from your phone
 
 but text it. so instead of a number
 
 put in my email. 
 
 Huh?
 
 They said my amnio didnt rupture but my heaet rate blood pressure is screwy so they are running more labs. Mom says my amnio ruptured and they are stupid lol
 
 so text me an email
 
 email her to her phone as a text
 
 but... email me
 
 so I know what the ending portion is so I can email Lyndsey and check on the kids
 
 no clue. lol
 
 125/68 114 bpm
 
 okey dokey
 
 They did the swab. Waitung for them to give me the results lol
 
 haha
 
 Rofl trying
 
 lol poor baby...... lower them. lol
 
 Cause my bliod prwssure/heart rate are elevated
 
 why?
 
 Ok waiting for them to cgeck still. They think im hysterical lol
 
 Hows the doctors?
 
 we are negative 143$ (joes and Papa johns just came out. ROFL)
 
 &lt;3 u at least you know in advance that im going to argue with you about medical lol
 
 lol
 
 there are times when it is necessary
 
 but it should always be veiwed as something to be avoided if possible 
 
 I know
 
 Im a hippy :P
 
 especially in childhood
 
 i just think that changing your body with tubes or surgery etc should be avoided as much as possible
 
 (spelling)
 
 I still hate how they reshapred my ugulva
 
 but mine was stupid..... so they cam eout. lol
 
 like add lol
 
 barb is an idiot is that is her reasoning. lol
 
 you needed yours taken out
 
 some people do
 
 but they do it toooooooooooooooooooooo much
 
 i havent had issues since i was like 15
 
 Diagnosed and everything so there:P
 
 haha
 
 yeah not so much
 
 your dellusional. and there are no health benifits recognized by the aap anymore....
 
 so you had something else. 
 
 its permenant
 
 there is no growing out of tonsilitus
 
 and I had tonsilitus all the time growing up
 
 I grew out of it :P 
 
 whatever. :P not gonna argue this. the pros and the cons are about equal
 
 and if you want a (minute) man for a son
 
 then you really hate him. rofl
 
 he wants his dick mutilated he can do it when he is eighteen :P
 
 right there with female circumsicion
 
 its barbaric
 
 I will try to avoid those as much as possible because they can cause more damage then the ear infections. YEah
 
 you get baptized and confirmed as a muslim or jew and go to temple every week for a year and I still wont let you mutilate my kids genitals
 
 I'll be religious
 
 just so we do it. rofl
 
 and circumsition you can shove it. :P
 
 and eare tubes if they need them. 
 
 mine were the size of golfballs before they were taken out
 
 sore throats
 
 there is a difference
 
 sore throats
 
 ....  or tonsilitous
 
 NO
 
 surgery
 
 general anesthesia for something that a cough drop can fix
 
 But barb is getting jess' taken out because she gets sore throats....seriously
 
 thats why its the if there is no other choice not never never
 
 just like mine
 
 I wouldn't take them out until they are a problem
 
 tonsilectimies you may not have a choice in the future
 
 you do know that they can get inflamed to the point of cutting off oxygen and by causing sophie to get sick more often
 
 had to share that is all &lt;3 
 
 tonsillectomys go on my lidt of no nos along with ear tubes and circumsicion. Not unless there is no other choice.
 
 Bored
 
 hungry. Why dont we have anuthing that looks nummy
 
 Its nap time its nap time lol
 
 lol
 
 IT shoudl be nap time allllllllll day lol
 
 Why not?
 
 lol
 
 nope
 
 Is it nap time yet?
 
 Only another month lol
 
 almost over deary
 
 My poor body
 
 its dying
 
 i know
 
 You are so helpful my love
 
 hahhaa
 
 you need a shower. 
 
 okey dokey
 
 Remind me I NEED to shower today. I feel ucky
 
 lol
 
 Ha ha yeah right. I was so tired.
 
 haha you konw you wanted me to beat you alst night. :P
 
 :D
 
 hehe
 
 when I threaten to punish you. :P
 
 Am not I am a very good behavor
 
 liar. ROFL
 
 Lol :D im always a good girl
 
 Mwah and good girl
 
 I have drank a thirstbuster full of water. Still having contractions
 
 doctors are stupid heads
 
 Ok
 
 K sounds good to me.
 
 sound good?
 
 and.. after the 1st I will put in for a new debit card so we can get the 300+ back from those charges in 'minnesota'
 
 Balance : \n$273.44   Imma pay the min on insurance just so I can reach a new month without being negative. LMFAO
 
 so 225(ish) and groceries
 
 Ok well all we have left for this month is groceries and insurance
 
 so 1320$
 
 + the $500
 
 820$ on the first
 
 Muah back.
 
 Mwah
 
 Yay that sounds fun. Icky caca caca poo feeling
 
 working on two different breifings
 
 and the daily report. lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 Uh huh suuuuurrrrreeee.
 
 haha
 
 sorry I was working. lol
 
 Akl better
 
 &lt;3
 
 i fix now
 
 you did it again. then the damn thing wont stop beeping
 
 And im not moving having issues
 
 Yeah
 
 but let me hate her anyway she says something stupid every wek anyway. So no game?
 
 ok
 
 but see
 
 it was not 'on your birthday' its just adam confused... 
 
 Close enough to confuse him
 
 Before we decided on christmas
 
 ot was an I will see you BWFORE your birthday.
 
 No whrn he said it I vaguely remembered the convo it was like in august
 
 he has a tendency to mix words remember
 
 I highly doubt she said that
 
 she probably said she would call
 
 which she did. 
 
 Sorry he woke up crying I asked what was wrong and he said that mommy didnt come for his bday when she told him she would. God knows when she said that. . . Woman doesnt think before she speaks half the time and adam ends up heart broken
 
 Mommy promised she would see him for his birthday and his birthday is over. Fucking dumb cunt
 
 Well I know why adams been cranky
 
 You dont know what I know. She would end up instatutionalized
 
 :P
 
 she wouldn't break
 
 It would make me sad
 
 No hon you couldnt and if you ever did she would break and then o would have to hate you
 
 she would be one of those tempermental cases
 
 but I wouldn't try to start that conversation on 150$ 
 
 thats what you think. I think I can get her. it would take time
 
 and effort on my part
 
 and bad luck on hers..
 
 Uh not with katey lol there is no way she would do more then pay you cash rofl
 
 and if all they can do is the 500$ down
 
 we can prolly come up with 150 for a no interest loan (monetary) :P I know your mind will wander
 
 Adams still asleep. . . I went to check on him and he cried that u woke him up rolled over and went back to sleep. He might be sickish
 
 just to get her to get online so I can tell her. 
 
 Yrah I looked. I mean theres other questions that shouod be asked but if the radiators the worst then yeah good
 
 if she would only get back online and talk to me. lol
 
 I dont want that car
 
 but it seems like a good fix for them. 
 
 did you look at it?
 
 hell I could stand over whoever is doing it and tell them how roflmao
 
 no in theory if her husband or father can replace a radiator that would be a good buy for her
 
 but yes walking that far along the highway is ridiculous
 
 the van was stuffy
 
 for walking along the highway for a decent distance it is. :P but it may just be that the van was stuffy
 
 Its not hot
 
 Its not hot
 
 and its hot outside..
 
 Holy mother of god
 
 Grr... why am I at work?   
 
 she's fucking walking from Esporanza to los reales 
 
 If her or her hubby are capable of putting a new one in lol
 
 1985 Nissan sentra
 
 its a 650$ car
 
 that would make it like 750$
 
 New radiator usually a hundredish if you install yourself
 
 I'm not sure what it takes to fix a radiator leak. :P thus why I ask you 
 
 did you look at it?
 
 It woulx fit her and the kids
 
 Then semd her the link dork
 
 its in their price range
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2866536660.html what do you think? for Katey?
 
 I'm prolly not going to the UofA game. I have emailed the  booster club for more info
 
 since I haven't done the parking before. .. and to see if we even have enough people... but no response and that was sent before lunch so who the fuck knows
 
 nothing... lol 
 
 what did you just do to embarass me? lol
 
 i just got that embarassed chest tight feeling for absoloutely no reason. 
 
 everything tastes metallic
 
 the list of foods he wont eat is growing faster then I can keep up
 
 but now he "cant want them" 
 
 i have to make extra
 
 normally he eats like four plates full
 
 now he wont eat scrambled eggs
 
 im going to buy god damn ensure for adam and shove it down his fn throat
 
 lol
 
 :'( so is the lack of fruit
 
 its so depressing 
 
 yup I know
 
 i have no soda...:( :'(
 
 like i said there is always saturday worst comes to worst
 
 ok
 
 I'll try to do that on my lunch break
 
 lol
 
 rofl yah thats what I though
 
 so... the title place   22nd and craycroft
 
 according to the mvd site they are a licensed third party for registration and titles.... idk. the nearest mvd is 1360 S Stocker Dr
 
 Tucson
 
 AZ  85710-8500
 
 I think so
 
 I know they can title and Im pretty sure they do registration too.
 
 so donna's can title and give it a physical license plate?
 
 since its right there on craycroft and 22nd next to DES
 
 if your doing it on your lunch break it would be faster to go to donna's even though it costs more
 
 then you go register it and title it so that I dont have to :D lol
 
 okie dokie
 
 as long as you have insurance to drive the vehicle it doesnt matter
 
 yeah our mvd does licenses
 
 emissions
 
 registration
 
 titles etc etc
 
 Ks you have to get tags at the county annex and you only do like Drivers licenses at the physical DMV lol
 
 does it have to be registered in my name for me to drive it? or do I just need to be on the insurance
 
 or at a title service
 
 you do that at dmv
 
 why would you have to go to the court house
 
 I might try and do it on lunch. its the title and the registration? or do I Have to go to the court house for the registration still?
 
 it can take 15 minutes or all day
 
 but god only knows how long you will be there
 
 they are open monday through friday
 
 yep its wait and see
 
 and are they open on Thursday?
 
 ahh... and its just walk ins?
 
 or over by the bike shop
 
 sarnoff and twenty second
 
 nope dont see it happening unless I skip lunch
 
 and I dont know where the DMV is...
 
 its like 6 bucks if we can get down to dmv before three today or tomorrow but I really dont see that happening lol
 
 title transfer with a title service should only be like 20 bucks
 
 so like 50 lol plus title $??? plus insurance... (if we can do the 6 month one pay it will save 40$ )
 
 its usually like 400 for a nw car and like 50 for an older car
 
 neither do i lol
 
 I dont know what the 60% is out of. silly
 
 so you do math lol
 
  its like 15 bucks plus 60% of the manufacturing cost minus 16.25% for every year registered 
 
 lol wonder what tags
 
 and registering will cost...
 
 insurance in my name and your name and then get it registered and then I can drive on base
 
 there you go
 
 225$*
 
 if I pay for 6 month increments at 250$ instead of the minimal payments
 
 I can get it for 450$ a year. LMFAO!
 
 Based on the information you provided
 
 your individual payments would be only $39.00*. \n\nTo get you started immediately
 
 we would need a down payment of only $73.00* which includes your first payment.  HAHAHHAHAHAHHAH
 
 roflmao
 
 ohh I can get it lower... because we would be covered under Tricare for medical (so we dont need uninsured coverage. lol)
 
  :D\n:*
 
 hahahaha
 
 so get the steel ones
 
 roflmao
 
 :P
 
 &lt;_&gt;
 
 ^_^
 
 :P
 
 but its Tucson
 
 you would find the mechanic with tinsnips
 
 cause youd have the keys roflmao
 
 and hey then you couldnt get all weird when I went out lol :P
 
 and only a little turned on
 
 if we are both on the listed drivers then in theory it would be 51 dollars a month 
 
 I had both as drivers
 
 unless you have us boh as drivers on there
 
 it would be 51 a month for me
 
 soo... does this mean that we only pay 51$ a month? or.... 51$ a month each?
 
 Based on the information you provided
 
 your individual payments would be only $51.00*. \n\nTo get you started immediately
 
 we would need a down payment of only $85.00* which includes your first payment. 
 
 you really get turned on by the idea of going to the bar
 
 getting hit on
 
 knowing you can't have sex because you are 'restrained'
 
 lol
 
 doesnt she know she is supposed to be standing on her head?
 
 now she is standing up
 
 Soph is turned around again
 
 oh i found a seamless chastity belt lol
 
 btw
 
 yiour insane
 
 muah
 
 i have to clean
 
 MWAH!
 
 ?? ? ? ?  ? ? ? 
 
 ugh 
 
 i couldnt find it on safe auto so i just figured it would up it like 20 to thirty dollars when i called them
 
 I have no fn clue
 
 what section is it under?
 
 how...?\n
 
 and you have to put in that I had a no registration thingy that led to me having no license
 
 I have no memory\n
 
 :P bite me. 
 
 :P
 
 ass face
 
 really? 4/11/87
 
 hehe whens ur birthday?    April 12?
 
  lol
 
 it'll prolly be cheaper to add you to mine. so I'll get your info ina minute
 
 it would make more sense to just add me to your van policy or you to mine
 
 1GKDM15Z9JB504351 but why would we insure it twice
 
 whats the VIN on the van?
 
 there you go
 
 because I'm still over the min interest
 
 but the minimum payment right now is 0$ ROFL
 
 thats what left to be paid
 
 
 
 fuck
 
 Account Balance:  $2
 
503.19    STAR CARD overall balance
 
 safe auto
 
 I'm waiting on USAA to email me my password so I want to compare
 
 what site did you use?
 
 Yeah we would have to do it at lunch or something. Anyway I can insure me for 56 a month. 90 dollars down
 
 dam... nm.... UofA game today
 
 when do they close?
 
 it should be good since it is current
 
 so all we have to do is go down to donnas on 22nd or somewhere else like that and spend an extra 20 to get it registered and the title transfered
 
 but in theory at least...
 
 buying things rules
 
 Im not sure on the selling things 
 
 well I googled the van
 
 he did take it through emissions just in october so I think we dont have to 
 
 just like you
 
 YEAH weirdo
 
 I've known her from Band. :D hehe
 
 :P
 
 you talk to the strangest people
 
 ok
 
 who looks like link
 
 yea
 
 oh the weird looking one
 
 she's the one that always dresses up
 
 im so confused
 
 not married
 
 what about comic con?
 
 the girl from oklahoma thats married
 
 'link'?
 
 hmm...
 
 comic con
 
 oklahoma
 
 Onna?
 
 shes very 'scientifically' oriented in thought process so this should be interesting. lol
 
 and I think her and Alex are finally breaking up and she has a new 'interest' in Oklahoma. lol
 
 finally telling Onna about my fetish. 
 
 lol I'll prolly go USAA finally
 
 its all on the interwebs now
 
 pick an insurnce company and fill out the quote questionarre
 
 how do I check a quote for me?
 
 yeah i can get it registered tagged at the place and insured on the interwebs
 
 registerd
 
 tagged
 
 insured.. all on Saturday?  (me and you insured? lol)
 
 coolio then in theory I can just go down to one of the title stores. Its a little more expensive but it will be sooooooo much quicker
 
 emmission tested
 
 one of the things he told me. 
 
 its already been emissioned
 
 If I knew it didnt need to get through emissions then I would just go down to Donna's title service instead
 
 and she hasn't even mentioned anything about the price so that makes me happy. lol
 
 well
 
 I am planning on going saturday morning to dmv and getting it done
 
 I need to clean out the ford today
 
 lady wants to test drive tomorrow. hehe
 
 so we have to hurry on the van stuff
 
 lmao
 
 well
 
 i want to get hit on
 
 not questioned as to why i have the worlds weirdest panty lines
 
 lmfao
 
 id definitely have to wear a skirt with that chastity belt. It would leave some weird lines in my jeans
 
 I dont know
 
 you said lol so I said !!!!! it seemed like an appropriate no word response
 
 ?
 
 !!!!!
 
 lol\n
 
 I always want sex in the morning
 
 then by this time of the day I regret it lol
 
 and everything else lol
 
 and bread
 
 yep and more peas
 
 so time to get more from the Commissary then
 
 and corn
 
 its like green beans
 
 only a couple
 
 we have meat and veggies. lol
 
 lol
 
 just nothing else lol
 
 we have meat
 
 most months its gone completely by week two. lol we saved ten dollars
 
 lol
 
 just not quite long enough
 
 we made it last longer
 
 like 10 dollars until the first
 
 how much is left on the Food stamps\n
 
 and out of most other things too.
 
 we really need to go grocery shopping. we are completely out of fruit...thisi s not good
 
 :D
 
 hes my brother 
 
 nope your my first employer
 
 lol
 
 'employer
 
 lmao that would be your brother. ROFL
 
 :P
 
 whats so weird about wanting text message proof my employer talks to himself
 
 weirdo
 
 would have looked fucking hillarious later
 
 I should have left it on and talked to you as you
 
 I just did
 
 its creepy
 
 who left it up lol
 
 log out of me. 
 
 im not the weirdo
 
 wierdo
 
 one way conversation...bum bum bum lol
 
 im magic
 
 i can message myself
 
 ha you left your work fb up at home lol
 
 Uh want a beer
 
 ummm no clue
 
 Adam just tackled billy to the floor...wtf
 
 Im so excited
 
 Yay
 
 and today is the UofA game
 
 Saturday at noon hike
 
 &lt;3 muah
 
 okay see you in a bit
 
 well off to trade car for van and come home. Mwah
 
 remmeber. 
 
 have ti find something that can make it to the middle of Utah. lol
 
 your sooooo picky
 
 Nice. little
 
 fuel efficient. 
 
 or a Nissan Sentra
 
 I like the nova . lol but I'm still looking for a supra. ROFL
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 :P uh huh
 
 I just said pretty. :P
 
 very pretty
 
 but I thought the point was to get you a small car lol not a boat
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2818229932.html  pretty
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2825847849.html just for you
 
 i know. and I dont like crown vics. lol
 
 Needs a transmission lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2823584867.html you see me rollin... lol
 
 half the hosue is cleanish
 
 roflmao
 
 that nova would be perm windows down. lol
 
 no top
 
 no ac and it needs a tune up lol
 
 you will suffocate
 
 it gets up to 115 add a bit in the car
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2835257573.html hehehee
 
 yep pansy ass you so do
 
 nope nop enope
 
 you do
 
 haha
 
 yeah
 
 I dont need ac lol
 
 and it will cost us an arm and a leg to get the ac installed the o ring replacedand it realligned
 
 your not mechanical enough
 
 No
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2833588036.html  me like
 
 lol
 
 You dont need a caddillac
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2837077996.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2837979378.html
 
 No choice
 
 Then I cant fix it. Have to fix it vcr oday
 
 Whay if they put me on bed rest and the house is diety
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2838346883.html
 
 grrrr
 
 Need do it cant have baby in dirt. Needs to be done. So bad. Evn the fridge all of it. Ill try to stick to kitchen and dining room. Im sitting though
 
 thay counts
 
 no more clean walls
 
 or floors
 
 Need mommy she helps
 
 Even walls need cleaning
 
 I dont want to look at cars. Floor dirty house dirty need fix
 
 sit relax and look at cars with me. 
 
 no more scrub scrub!
 
 But I only half done. . . And I am sitting down :P
 
 mwah
 
 then dont scrub the damn floors
 
 sit down and rest. :P
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2847849263.html manual....
 
 I dont feel so good
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2851578111.html hehe
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2833588036.html  :)
 
 lmfao
 
 Me thi.ks I might be nesting
 
 :/
 
 maybe just the dinning room and kitchen
 
 muah imma go scrub it
 
 mwah
 
 lol
 
 it knows
 
 staring at me
 
 :P
 
 and the dye from the fruit loops
 
 peices of cereal
 
 its still there taunting me
 
 it wont come up with the mop
 
 it needs clean
 
 :P
 
 and the only way to fix it is to get down and scrub it
 
 but its yucky
 
 :P
 
 no no no
 
 it needs to be scrubbed
 
 tis okeydokety deary
 
 i really want to scrub it
 
 tell me i cant scrub it
 
 tell me its okay the floor isnt perfect
 
 bubye. ;)
 
 im cleaning ttyl
 
 ok
 
 vs payment and Star card payment just came out. lol
 
 Balance : \n$633.85 Available Balance : \n$1
 
120.90
 
 imma go try to take a bath and see if that helps. I just sent the kids upstairs so hopefully I can have twenty uninteruppted minutes of relaxoing water....fingers crossed
 
 and you need to stop showing me cars I cant have meany poopoo
 
 I think that you need to learn how to drive a stick well lol
 
 lol
 
 hehehe http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2859998706.html  whatcha think?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2861225229.html
 
 that about the same as my old 95 sentra
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2862083604.html WHY CAN"T IT BE AUTOMATIC
 
 Ooh another station wAgon
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2817666761.html  LMFAO
 
 Looks ok to me
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2862655825.html
 
 Uh huh
 
 I searched toyota supra and its on the list. lol
 
 look
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/search/cto?query=toyota+Supra&amp;srchType=A&amp;minAsk=&amp;maxAsk=&amp;hasPic=1
 
 okey dokey
 
 Im so owie. Remind me not to have sex with you ever again. Its a bad idea
 
 Suuuuure....
 
 i was looking for supras and that popped up. lol
 
 O feel like poop
 
 dick
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2830858322.html  hehehe
 
 lol okey dokey
 
 why whats up?
 
 No more babys
 
 Ok then
 
 have to be there at 4pm
 
 just checked the calander
 
 lol I have a UofA game on Thursday
 
 hey babe
 
 hola
 
 Saundra is getting sick to. She made it to the top of the stairs and fell asleep
 
 Tired me and wifey need caffiene  ivs
 
 :P
 
 &lt;3
 
 Muah my darling 
 
 mwah
 
 hmm.... we shall talk then ;)
 
 rofl
 
 well like I said its not really an issue right now. I know your getting off on the strange poonany but Im good until I get hot again lol when I get to that point then we will talk
 
 id want to see pics ....and would be  self cocious cuz hes bigger lol
 
 eh
 
 i wouldnt want to be borrowed while I was preggo anyway
 
 because your selfish :P
 
 twinge about you being borrowed ..butdont know why
 
 dont know why what?
 
 all I got was ~twinge~ but I dont know why
 
 txt messagelol
 
 internet is for porn
 
 redbull!!!!!
 
 hahaa
 
 she might have snapped lol
 
 She is currently running back and forth from the kitchen to the living room
 
 holding up her pants
 
 screaming
 
 crying and laughing at the same time
 
 someone is going to bed early tonight
 
 Sissy wont even try them. She came down from nap time cranky butt
 
 roflmao
 
 haha.. they are a little 'earthy' lol
 
 they all "dont like" your noodles
 
 but they have bowls on the table and keep walking up to them
 
 taking a couple bites then walking away again
 
 haha yup
 
 Children are evil
 
 mwah. ttyl dear
 
 :( i need to who the lotto gonna 'sleep' ttyl &lt;3
 
 i know
 
  I know i keep thinking birthdays and budgets and cars. And phones and glasses and i cant do anything for another week
 
 I can't pay my grandparents till it comes in
 
 I know.. 
 
 I feel so behind there is so much stuff that needs to get done and i cant even start till tax returns
 
 ;) maaaayybbee lol.  
 
 hahaha...
 
 ;) maaaayybbee lol.  
 
 hehe and me. :P
 
 Yay i love caffiene it makes me happy. And will ensure i have enough energy to finish packing etc
 
 lol when i come home I will lol
 
 Why is it only one thirty? I feel like its  midnight. When you come home can u bring two redbulls one for tonight one for in the morning
 
 kk
 
 I'm leaving now...
 
 kiddos snack after nap if theres enough left
 
 ok &lt;3
 
 ty
 
 hm...... whole
 
 
 
 ????
 
 whole bag
 
 half bag
 
 yeah Ill throw some on to boil
 
 ohh... can you cook me egg noodles
 
 or start them. 
 
 yep
 
 egg noodles too
 
 and butter?
 
 yeah there is a box in the pantry
 
 do we have any sghetti left to cook?
 
 lol
 
 Oh I iwll be
 
 but I will also be pissy
 
 and in pain if I get preggo again
 
 kk. well make sure we all talk about it
 
 cuz I dont want you depressed when she gets prego again
 
 nope all the noodles is gone
 
 I know she is okay with one more. I think so long as you guys are okay with it i will get sterilized. I will want another one if you guys have another one but the minute i get preggo ill regret it
 
 do do do do do you still have noodles and butter?
 
 but not specifics
 
 we talked awhile ago
 
 she is ok with another kid
 
 because she wants one of mine. ;)
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 you dont do codoms I dont do birth control so if no ones getting sterilized imma get an implant
 
 haha
 
 cause im either doing that or gettting the IUD implant ASAP after the baby is born
 
 :P
 
 soooooo it will be one of those things that we will have to talk about when she is down here as a group
 
 yep cause you are insane
 
 lol haha
 
 and tru
 
 because its almost guaranteed that I will want more. :)
 
 but that can waitu ntil she gets here lol
 
 cause if I get fixed then if you decide you want more all the pressure goes on her lol
 
 ohh yummy
 
 rofl
 
 well i should talk to her
 
 after the baby lol
 
 I was thinkng katrina
 
 no to do it
 
 oh... talk to the doctor. lol
 
 butter noodles are good
 
 make it plain and cover it in butter
 
 you want her to approve it? lol
 
 oh
 
 I ifigured out how to make adam eat the pasta
 
 the tubal sealing thingy
 
 about what?
 
 hey and my baby doc is certified. Remind me to ask her about it tomorrow
 
 but if I get the thing done its condoms for three months until im sterile lol
 
 we should be okay for the first bit so long as I am nursing full time
 
 It screws me up and if we dont use them I will just keep having issues
 
 she can go on th pill all she wants
 
 then no condoms with Kaatrina so I dont lose my mind. ;)
 
 haha
 
 condomes for like three months
 
 evil things
 
 they are BAD
 
 no bc pills
 
 lol so.. condoms for you. and bc pills. ROFL
 
 vs the tubes which takes like 2 weeks to heal
 
 you just have to keep using birth control for three months
 
 no
 
 sex in two days
 
 you have to let them have time to grow shut. lol
 
 remember that part. lol
 
 lol  but no sex for a like 2-4 weeks. 
 
 for me
 
 ten minutes at the doctors
 
 no cutting
 
 never have to worry about being knocked up again
 
 uh huh
 
 lol 
 
 for you?
 
 takes like 2 days to heal
 
 its like getting your tubes cut except no general anesthesia
 
 no hormones. they just plug the ducts
 
 the ducts grow closed and then tada your sterile
 
 So im not entirely how....I must have followed an add because I dont remember googling......have you ever heard of Essure?
 
 I'm pretty sure she knows we have had sex. LMFAO
 
 haha
 
 cooter juice dont wash off :P
 
 must claim man lol
 
 lmao
 
 Its tonight or 5 am tomorrow before the docs appt lol
 
 Uh huh
 
 you want me before she gets me? ;)
 
 hahaha..
 
 BTW
 
 (so long as you cmoe to bed before 9 tonight) 8==D~({})
 
 :D ;)
 
 I know. :) 
 
 &lt;3 &lt;3
 
 remember to try to keep th spending down while your gone. IK now your going to blow through some money but the money you save is going to a house for your wifey's/vegas :P
 
 rofl yeah
 
 and that is not counting Katrina's tickets. lol
 
 Hopefully we get the damn federal in soon. I'm down to like 200$ positive in First Command
 
 kk
 
 including food and drinks it should be like 100.00
 
 Okay
 
 so tomorrow we need to call parks and rec and see if we can reserve the ramada (it costs $15) then i can send emails to the families. Im thinking Deyoes and Bjelks (just remingd the Bjelks to keep their mouths shut) then we are done
 
 eh im picking the 19th
 
 ok well the park it is then. I will pick a park and send out the emails. The 19th? (sunday after Katrina leaves) ort he 11th?
 
 as long as they have fun I dont care
 
 but I think they might stillbe a little young for the games except for that little corner
 
 pizza games soda
 
 probably closer to two hundred
 
 peter pipers
 
 the park we buy hot dogs
 
 grandma brings cake we buy soda...maybe ah undred
 
 which will be cheaper
 
?  Peter Pipers or the park?   \n
 
 whose elses?
 
 ours....
 
 assuming ours. 
 
 all three boys? or ours?
 
 So I can FB/get it situated
 
 the boys birthday party are we gonna do peter piper like mikeys or just say screw it and do the park?
 
 kk
 
 its in
 
 okie dokie
 
 Master card
 
 Is your card a VISA or Master card or what?
 
 yeah pretty much and then you would just have to bike or walk to the visitors center when you got off
 
 and if you have your liscense  you could drive her
 
 and then go to your mums.. till I got off work
 
 its out by the bike shop
 
 from here
 
 like 20-30 minutes
 
 whats the drive to the AirPort?
 
 or have another car lol cause I should have my license by then
 
 or get her and baby a cab
 
 which is a friday. So we will have to either have you go into work late
 
 :'(
 
 ahh
 
 ok
 
 on the seventeenth
 
 no 11:30
 
 17th or 18th?
 
 so she leaves at like 9am?
 
 boooo. ok
 
 she wants in town before dark. so thats the 5 pm 350.00 one
 
 i just asked if she had to be in by like a specific time or if it didnt matter
 
 roflmao
 
 haha watch her do midnight just to fuck with Leah. HAHA
 
 I will
 
 I am waiting for her to text me back so I know wether to get the301.00 one that doesnt get in until almorst midnight or the 350.00 one that gets in at five pm
 
 let me know what it is before you do it. :)
 
 17th
 
 lol okay. I will pick cheapest/quickest flight so both my loves is happy :P
 
 expire 12/13
 
 116
 
 5515120002841107
 
 A Phillip Johnson
 
 ok 18th it is
 
 so all I need from you is the creditcar d info
 
 okay got that and she said the 18th so that too
 
 and we said the 17th
 
 yes KCI
 
 found it cheaper on Orbitz then United can do. 
 
 Until you send me ^^info I cant do it &lt;3
 
 and its Kansas City International?
 
 /you gotta send your credit card info too if you want me to pay for it. I do not have that memorized
 
 what day is she going back?
 
 sinc eyou can txt her
 
 I dont know all of katrina's info so you should do it. :) 
 
 http://www.united.com/homepage
 
 that blows
 
 because that means mine might take longer. I was planning on having my new phone by the time you got back/possibly even a new pair of glasses (ive decided i dont care if my prescription will change again in three months. it will be closer then your glasses lol)
 
 Federal return is being retarded
 
 its slower than normal
 
 I even got an email about it
 
 I get paid tomorrow so I'll leave some
 
 yup yup
 
 and dont forget to leave me some cash.....so im not completly broke/stranded lol
 
 rofl you might want to do that yeah
 
 before they get too expensive
 
 we should prolly buy her tickets back. haha
 
 :P Yepp
 
 :P
 
 cuz she wants to see you
 
 she will make me leave. lol
 
 no id prefer the 6th but Kris isnt getting picked up by his dad till the 9th so I have to live
 
 ok. sound good?
 
 :P
 
 Oh I talked to Katrina last night. She said at the latest youll head out the night of the 9th
 
 Yay Gotta love that.
 
 yup docs in the morning
 
 mum's house shoppin
 
g then I start driving. :) ~fun~
 
 even if its errand running
 
 so at least I get some time just us
 
 drs then shopping
 
 I get to spend tomorrow with you right?
 
 Muah love you too!!
 
 Not that I dont appreciate the love &lt;3
 
 MWAH!! lov eyou
 
 see...
 
 it
 
 loooooooooooooooooooooooose 
 
 imma lose 
 
 rofl
 
 my mother
 
 loneliness
 
 hormones
 
 rofl you know Im going to anyway
 
 
 
 tryin to stockup so you dont flip when I leave. lol
 
 mwah!  :P
 
 :*
 
 :P
 
 you are lovey this morning
 
 Saundra is on her third bowl of cereal Muah!
 
 mwah!@
 
 so stripping down to nothing would be my automatic
 
 and ive lived off of nothing 
 
 yea
 
 I guess thats true
 
 I always made money apear
 
 im used to going without spending money
 
y ou arent
 
 but you wouldnt like that choice lol
 
 you know its true.
 
 well
 
 you just got to figure itou t. Thats why ill leave it up to you. my choice would be no more spending money on anything at all that isnt bills and gas and food
 
 roflmao
 
 lol
 
 if I stop drinking as much while bowling
 
 I will be forced to drink more. 
 
 just a thought
 
 rofl or you could....i dont know stop drinking so much
 
 I'll put it in my bowling bag. :)  or... I'll get a coke there and take burboun in my 20oz bottle. lol
 
 rofl most places wont let you do that
 
 thats like 20-40$ a week
 
 Imma start taking like 20oz of burboun and coke to bowling. lol
 
 yup
 
 and you need to bring lunch/eat ath ome/drink at home as much as possible too
 
 basically IJ ust need to try to make sure that I keep our groceries as CHEAP as I possibly can
 
 I would sit down and do it but your just going to ignore me/do it yourself soooooooo
 
 basically this means that you get to budget like a mad fool
 
 well looks like i get to money again
 
 which we can honestly just buy like one twin matress for lena or kris and throw both babies in the crib
 
 kk
 
 and part of the 3000 included beds
 
 thats not till August......so if it takes 3 months to come up with 2280 then....by august we should have that much saved 
 
 obviously there's a couple months after that.. 
 
 then what about Katrina move out money?
 
 760*3=2280
 
 a month
 
 thats still 760
 
 cause im at 1160 and even if you minus 400 for whatever I forgot/groceries and blow money 
 
 without actually too much issue
 
 but the point is we should
 
 if we actually sit down and work out a budget. Or you do it. Should be able to come up with the money
 
 youll need a car after we move out there though
 
 and we can even take like the 300 from that and get my a bike for to and from work
 
 the van is already looking like it will suffice the cheaper aspect
 
 (and we can get katrina a real bed later with future tax returns)
 
 I know I am missing things though
 
 car insurance 1160
 
 1280
 
 - houshold expenses and gas
 
 1580
 
 - bowling
 
 - internet star card and vs = 1680
 
 cause you make like 2000
 
 Okay so we figured out that we have in general like 800 dollas left over a month we blow through right
 
 so if we stopped spending like all together and we sell the car and buy a car cheaper and wet ry to save stuff out of your tax returns......
 
 anywhoo its looking like maybe buying one of the little two stick frames and a matress and box spring might be cheaper then buying a "real" frame and no box spring
 
 sorry my internet is being stupid
 
 hm.. do you see anyways for us to come up with like 2400 dollars by like May? we might be able to get the house (5 bedroom) if we close the deal two months earlier than anticipated.... but.. we still wouldn't be able to get out of onbase housing till July.....\n..
 
 but normally over a hundred
 
 you can get one for like 32 dollars.... depending.
 
 http://www.searsoutlet.com/d/product_details.jsp?pid=40305&amp;mode=buyUsedOnly&amp;sid=IDx20110411x000001&amp;ci_src=14110944&amp;ci_sku=N99140305
 
 BTW I found metal bed frames
 
 like literally just the frame for 60 but I dont know how much box frames are and we would need those if we get just the cheapo frame
 
 hm.. do you see anyways for us to come up with like 2400 dollars by like May?   we might be able to get the house (5 bedroom) if we close the deal two months earlier than anticipated.... but.. we still wouldn't be able to get out of onbase housing till July.....
 
 probably not
 
 unless it was her hubby and a woman. And she would have to convince her hubby
 
 so in a couple months. haha
 
 Not now obviously
 
 but when they are stupid broke. 
 
 do you think katey would be up for a bought threesome? lol
 
 Rene says she likes it too and its closer to daddy's so we should totally move there and buy a pool
 
  :) yay
 
 just sent the email about focusing on the 5 bedroom house
 
 but I get it. :)
 
 it could be me
 
 her and katrina. Katrina would get off on the paying someone as well I think. lol
 
 I know but Im telling you that if she could ever deal with it it would be like her and Katrina
 
 NEVER her and you. Unless she magically gets like 20 years of therapy 
 
 aww.. Like I said
 
 I do have a line. :)
 
 shes honestly that bad
 
 never gonna happen
 
 You have a penis
 
 if it gets to hte point she's really desperate
 
 and you think she can deal. you initiate. ok? :)
 
 :P good boy
 
 I know
 
 that is why I didn't jump on it.
 
 I know. and they are the kind of peopel that are in the spot that they would need it
 
 so it would be right in my wheel house
 
 but you would have to bring it up to her. kinda stuff
 
 I dont really mind when you do that stuff
 
 shes just not able to del
 
 I know
 
 Im just reminding you
 
 and if I was going to bring it up
 
 I would go through you
 
 she's your friend
 
 so I dont mess with that. 
 
 I wasn't sure
 
 because the bipolar would be either joke
 
 or deeply offended. 
 
 Youd better be
 
 I dont think Katey is one of the ones that could take it 
 
 grrrr (i'll be good) :P
 
 ohhh Katey's status update makes my brain twitch. 
 
 haha
 
 since you had such a bvig butt
 
 Rofl I told her that i guessed you would just have to huh
 
 yea right... I am not sleeping on the floor next to my wives in my bed. :P
 
 tell her 'ok' i'll sleep on the floor. haha  
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 Rene says you will have to sleep on the floor if Katrina is going to sleep in my bed with me. Cause there isnt even room for Rene's "tiny butt"
 
 Mwah ttyl
 
 ttyl &lt;3
 
 making me nuts the little girl is igtg
 
 haha
 
 silly :P
 
 but then again maybe Im a little prejudiced 
 
 she must be gay
 
 therefore
 
 Because she doesnt find you attractive
 
 how is kathy a fruitcake?
 
 haha
 
 nor common sense
 
 I know. and we will all work through it. :) together
 
 and has no taste in men
 
 Btw
 
 Kathy is a fruitcake
 
 rofl Im okay with you loving us both
 
 and having us both
 
 you know me its the fear of being replaced
 
 it pops up occasionally. 
 
 and I told her that if we got drunk and had sex
 
 that you wouldn't be mad
 
 and that we had already talked about it. :)   lol and she was liek. "haha suure
 
 that'll happen)
 
 and she was like (eh
 
 if shes ok with that
 
 it doesnt bother me)
 
 I just told Kathy. lol
 
 but I will not replace either one of you 
 
 with eachother or anyone else
 
 and I love her
 
 love you
 
 :D &lt;3
 
 the closest im going to get to being paranoid you are bringing her down here to replace me lol.
 
 Im having one of those moments
 
 I texted Katrina to make sure she was okay with being 2nd until we were all settled (whichim sure itsm ore like making me feel like she is second then it is her actually being second but im okay with that) and Im checkign with you that this is what you want. 
 
 I wanted to hear
 
 
 
 not sure if thats what you wanted to hear. lol but that is where I'm at. :D
 
 so right now
 
 yes dear
 
 I am happy. :)
 
 so far
 
 yes
 
 I am
 
 you accept me for me
 
 we will have an amazing family
 
 and I can focus better now since i have more to focus on. it helps my mind work better.
 
 in general
 
 like with me
 
 Katrina
 
 the kids
 
 looking for a house
 
 all of it.
 
 in what manner? I'm confused
 
 a question
 
 Im asking
 
 ? what are you talking about?
 
 Like really genuinely happy not just faking
 
 So
 
 minus you know being in a mood
 
 youre happy?
 
 lol
 
 yeah
 
 so he doesnt get his sword gunthe  rest of the day
 
 lol
 
 hahaha... ~~~ I mean... grrrrr
 
 I just caughta dam playing golf
 
 he was a step away from yelling FORE and sending a plastic mushroom flying
 
 Adam
 
 probably not till hes like ten. Just cause he wont care
 
 and that one is your job lol
 
 but I wasnt quite as....vocal as rene marie
 
 i learned the "details when i was like kindergarden age
 
 just when she is old enough not to blurt out "thep enis goes in the vagina" in public
 
 eh probably more like in 3 years
 
 ohh I love that you and Katrina will take care of that. lol
 
 ike 10 years older. 
 
 I told her "its how you make babies" and "ill explain more when you are a little older"
 
 hmm hugging. lol
 
 ........
 
 Rene just point blank asked me what sex is
 
 I love you too
 
 mwah love you
 
 BY THE 10TH
 
 you two will just have to deal with my cleaning when you get back
 
 ugh ill just do another couple loads of laundry
 
 take out the garbage and then sweep and mop tomorrow and that will have to be good enough. my tummy is all yucky 
 
 just so we dont forget to lol
 
 mwah
 
 kk
 
 house is hell hole and the garbage needs to be bagged up so you can take it out tomorrow
 
 house is fine mwah
 
 &lt;3 you. Imma go do the shit I should have been doing already
 
 crap crap crap crap crap. My dayj ust got worse lol
 
 Ugh that means that today I should finish cleaning/tomorrow so that I can pack up the shit we need for moms
 
 go to ur appt
 
 get food
 
  then me leave
 
 I really am not looking forward to that
 
 fuck
 
 mwah lol
 
 rofl I forgot that lol
 
 you will be there wed. lol
 
 lol
 
 Saundra is wearing panties over her pullups. I really need to remembert o get that toilet. I should call sissy and see if she knows where it is so you can pick it up on Wed at least
 
 Hope it makes you feel better
 
 two things of Blueberry tea and a Mountain Dew
 
 did you get caffiene?
 
 :P
 
 it was nummy
 
 it had tomatosan d onions
 
 i had a sandwhich for lunch
 
 sandwhiches are good
 
 mmm sandwhich
 
 turkey
 
 ham
 
 roast beef
 
 swiss
 
 lettuce
 
 cucumbers
 
 and honey mustard
 
 I sent her link
 
 I found a cute one that I liked
 
 hey loverly
 
 hola
 
 Yay  lol
 
 privacy
 
 and... its a 40 minute drive from base. lol
 
 &lt;3 you mucho grande
 
 ech. Imma go lay down on the couch
 
 brb in a bit sick again
 
 still better off going home depot or lowes with a credit card then hoping for a working good one at salvation army. Apparently they are cutting down on the large appliances
 
 so dishwasher and freezer are all we would need then
 
 didn't see that. lol
 
 so we need a dishwasher. lol
 
 * New RF and Dble Oven Installed B4 COE.*
 
 Remarks: List Price Range: $169
 
900 - $179
 
900. NOT REO/NOT Short Sale READY TO MOVE IN.AWESOME
 
 SPACIOUS
 
 TILE ROOF
 
 3443 SQ.FT. 5BR's/4Bth on OVER 1/4 of ACRE! NEW 20'' TILE in Kitchen &amp; ALL Bathrooms.HARDWOOD Flooring in Loft
 
Dinning and Hallways OH MY
 
 THE KITCHEN Is A HUGE (16x18) MASTER PIECE
 
 with LOTS Of TALL Raised HARDWOOD CABINETS + Island
 
 With ALL THICK GORGEOUS GRANITE COUNTERS/Back Splash! NEW 2-TONE INTERIOR PAINT THRU OUT! PAINTED Garage. WOOD Blinds. 8' Tall Interior/Exterior DOORS. Solid Wood Stair Rails.French Doors into Mstr Bbrm with Walk in Closet. Dble Sinks on High Vanities and Garden Tub in Mstr Bath. ALL BR's are EXTRA Spacious! VERY CLEAN HOME! New RF and Dble Oven Installed B4 COE. Seller assist w/ CC.
 
 hey..
 
 Likes I said
 
 idk
 
 
 
 is true
 
 **
 
 buffer
 
 yea
 
 it makes sense
 
 but if we try too late then we wont have buffy time if i dont qualify
 
 there is a ghost spreading vicks on me
 
 now my forehead feels like it has vicks on it...this is just weird
 
 you can check
 
 but its usually onlyfi rst year interest free so the sooner you geti t in comparison to using it the less time without interest. did that make sense?
 
 so should I wait
 
 or see if I can get it now. 
 
 if we cant then we will jsuth ave to shop craigslist/pray we find what we need lol
 
 its not like we will use it until we get a house lol
 
 ok
 
 I might see if I can do it today.
 
 and they usually do that whole no interest the first year thing
 
 Yeah but you should qualify. My mom qualified years ago when she got hers and her credit was crapola at the time
 
 gotta get a Homedepot credit card then. lol
 
 /dont have to add to the thousands we need to save in the next few months
 
 that way we have time to pay it off
 
 homedepot on a credit card
 
 (only appliance in the kitchen is the stove top 
 
 we would need a fridge
 
 dishwasher
 
 Oven
 
 pain in my ass
 
 :P whatever
 
 since its only a '5' bedroom. :P
 
 good thing I told you to look at it. :P
 
 haha told you I'm amazing. :P
 
 yup
 
 especially since the babies will be too small to escape their cribs so they will stay put
 
 nursery would make the most sense
 
 prolly the Nursery
 
 since it doesnt have a closet
 
 if she liked it
 
 or.. make it katrina's.. lol
 
 we could make it the nursery
 
 depending on where it is based on the master and Katrina's
 
 hmm...
 
 initially it would be like sheets
 
 then office cubicles then maybe eventually (with permits)  actually change it
 
 wed have to fivgure out who to put there
 
 picture 21
 
 hmmm actually we could
 
 aha... if we get the 5 bedroom with the HUGE yard... 
 
 the 'loft' at the top of the stairs we could set up walls and make it a bedroom. :) :P possibly
 
 then.....
 
 :P
 
 lol
 
 your weird
 
 is gross
 
 I hate that fish
 
 disgusting
 
 lol the canned samon
 
 and cook it in a skillet as a hamburger. lol
 
 salmon is gross
 
  to both parts
 
 eeewww
 
 haha
 
 hmm... I want Samon
 
 and ketschup
 
 lol 
 
 tuna should not have that reaction
 
 wtf
 
 like im inhaling vicks vaporru b
 
 my throat all the sudden feels weird
 
 haha
 
 im cited
 
 :D
 
 only 8 more weeks
 
 roflmao
 
 imma blow up like a balloon in the next two months
 
 nuh uhh... and if you are naked all the time
 
 me and katrina will just rape you all the time. ;)
 
 if this one turns out like rene (which seems to be were we are headed)
 
 and im tellingthe  truth
 
 love you too
 
 hahaha.. whatever deary. Mwah love you
 
 ill just end up naked or in my clown pants for being too fat for everything else
 
 well is true. Mostly water weight but still
 
 lol :P
 
 Imma blimp already
 
 Imma be a spacecraft by the time princess is born lol
 
 yupy yup
 
 Its mostly just aggravating. It feels like your carrying a kid on each leg and it gets sore easy b
 
 Ii ended up one size from my thighs to my feet before she was born
 
 I had the same problem with Rene Marie
 
 I is
 
 hmm... make sure your legs are propped
 
 I already took though
 
 quinine
 
 hmm
 
 will the excedrinhelp? or what helps the swelling?
 
 so its swollen above and below the bracesl ol
 
 I put on my ankle braces to keep them from swelling mor
 
 my legs are the size of an elephants
 
 rofl its cause its monday
 
 we all are having a WONDERFUL day. lol
 
 and with Wifey. lol
 
 mondays always suck
 
 today is monday
 
 eh its one of those days here too
 
 can you tell that it is one of those days..?
 
 lol
 
 so I cann ap
 
 finishing.........report........ caffeiiiineeie aopnf aniop
 
 I want it to be nap time now
 
 lol
 
 almost there
 
 almost nap time lol
 
 ugh
 
 kk mwah ttyl
 
 Gonna vomit talk to you after your meeting
 
 I dont know 
 
 Ok well still. Get caffeine. 
 
 and what is up with renee's pic?
 
 meeting in 20 minutes....
 
 Well them in get some fn caffeine 
 
 I weaned myself down for basic training
 
 so that wasn't as bad as this 'stop' 
 
 never got to the borderline vomitting stage fo withdrawal before though. lol
 
 You have been saying that for like two weeks now
 
 Nope i dont really need anything. Trying to figure out what im going to cook for lunch. You maybe being here did not assist
 
 I would rather have caffeine then go through withdrawal
 
 remind me to never go under like 1000mgs a day EVER!
 
 I'm to the point that my head is killing me
 
 and I'm about ready to throw up
 
 cuz I do
 
 like coffe from safehouse. 
 
 dont know.. do you need anything?
 
 You gonna be home for lunch?
 
 have fun hun
 
 perfect. lol
 
 :P I m going im goin
 
 hahaha
 
 shell be making you the money and ill be making you the home
 
 Mwah go rest ... raise feet
 
 hehe
 
 you two are in my bed spoiling me. ;)\n
 
 &lt;3
 
 ass face
 
 yep
 
 I love you
 
 I am mean to 8 kids\n
 
 well the kids went upstairs so I can steal the couch now. 
 
 kinda is
 
 haha
 
 lol
 
 my job
 
 meany poo poo head
 
 and she can wear it today and tomorrow
 
 rofl ok
 
 tell her if she isn't wearing that outfit when I get home
 
 she is getting th ugliest thing I can find. 
 
 grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
 
 damn fucking keyboard
 
 Ill give her a tshirt I do not want to listen to "byut these clothes ar ugle"
 
 roflmao screw that
 
 that is more torture
 
 give her a pair of ugly jeans and a ragged shirt. lol
 
 cause its a cute little biker outfit
 
 yeah
 
 its so going in my pile for babys
 
 so
 
 she can throw it out
 
 or wear it all day
 
 her choice
 
 thats why she isnt getting another outfit
 
 I did to
 
 I told her this morning about it
 
 didn't I?
 
 I know
 
 but she put that stupid bike outfit on thats too small and the snaps dig in "sensitive" places
 
 she starts Kindergarten this year.
 
 tell REne if she is in underwear when I get home
 
 I will beat her ass until clothes appear
 
 is fun
 
 lol
 
 all while I swell and have to run to the bathroom every five seconds
 
 Ive got two boys riding bikes
 
 a rene marie in just chonies and a saundrazilla pulling on every single piece of clothing she can find
 
 lol
 
 I know how that is lol
 
 demon babies
 
 nope she got offline because the kids are hellions
 
 did wifey pick what I have decided is totally our valentines day presents lol
 
 bastards dont realize the world revolves around me
 
 that they dont have the info I need when I want it
 
 lol
 
 its annoying
 
 lol
 
 Which reminds me that I need to check their website again
 
 Ok...
 
 Not really i mean all technically do but pretty much everything is home area school. 
 
 We need to register the kids next month. We will just have to re do it after we move 
 
 does Erickson have open enrollment?
 
 Erickson is the one Ii like best
 
 Oh
 
 the ones he wants right now based on where i am living are Erickson or booth
 
 since mike has to agree
 
 the kindergarten you were talking about for the kids 
 
 for Eagle heart?
 
 for Kindergarten for the kids?
 
 whats those two schools?
 
 (hand scale thingy)
 
 but even if we get a six bedroom we will still be wanting more bedrooms then anyway soooooo
 
 yup and we will still be paying. lol
 
 hopefully by then you will have been restationed
 
 down side is in about 5-7 years we will want more bedrooms
 
 all things we need with 8 kids that will be getting bigger
 
 Cause its bigger
 
 is in better shape
 
 and has a bigger yard
 
 you picked the 5 :P
 
 I really dont want to deal with three boys in one room
 
 like I said we do that you are taking over a lot of bedtime
 
 us
 
 her
 
 three boys
 
 three girls
 
 
 
 the rooms are big so it could be a nursury
 
 
 
 We will figure it out
 
 deal
 
 haha
 
 if she pics the 5 bedroom we get to make it work
 
 deal?
 
 now imma stop thinking
 
 tada
 
 and then you pick one of those two
 
 get hers
 
 there you have my pick
 
 whatever
 
 of those four I like the 5 bedroom 
 
 you and her
 
 one of those 4
 
 well then pick one of those
 
 behind the 10! bedroom
 
 its scary that the 5 bedroom is the second largest
 
 So there
 
 I refuse
 
 No
 
 cause otherwise we will get crazy
 
 you and her get those 4
 
 you both pick
 
 like 3000 sqft big
 
 It has to be big
 
 
 
 Im gonna find something I dont like about all of them
 
 just pick one. .. 
 
 and.. the pool is on the side of the house
 
 not the back. look at the layout picture that is the last one
 
 roflmao
 
 but.. you two figure it out
 
 you and katrina look at those 4 together and just figure it out. :P I like the 10 bedroom if they take VA
 
 I want six bedrooms but if my choice is big 5 or tiny six ill pick big 5
 
 I know I know Im annoying
 
 id rather the five bedroom huge one
 
 its also 700 sq ft smaller lol
 
 not with 170+K on the line. lol
 
 yes it does
 
 pretend doesnt work. lol
 
 also
 
 is there a yard at all on that one
 
 all i saw was pool. 
 
 I know
 
 because I can pretend beverly isnt ugly
 
 but you like Beverly better and there are NO pictures.. 
 
 yeck
 
 did you see all that wood?
 
 carpets
 
 paint
 
 paint
 
 paint
 
 that is by far the ugliest one yet
 
 honestly.....There is a reason it is cheaper
 
 its cheaper than Beverely and has a pool. lol
 
 check that one
 
 what do you think
 
 3109 W Alaska Street \n
 
 nvm my couch has been stolen
 
 Love u too my darling
 
 Love you Mwah
 
 ill ttyl. I cant keep talking to you from the couch anymore :( Love you
 
 and avoid salt lol
 
 sit
 
 raise feet
 
 imma go lay on the couch and put my feet up
 
 this is not good
 
 and my calves are the same size as my ankles
 
 ugh I feel like poo
 
 poopoo stupid heads
 
 they are stupid heads
 
 what I'm being told.. I'm working on it
 
 i would think you could start purchasing in march
 
 it takes a couple months to go through
 
 why not?
 
 assholes. lol
 
 and I can start trying to purchase until like fucking May or june.
 
 its not that easy
 
 I'm trying
 
 :P
 
 and move off base
 
 so we can buy it
 
 Just pic a house already
 
 I really like it
 
 I just dont see it working
 
 Unless you are taking over bedtime
 
 lol
 
 no
 
 NO
 
 no
 
 how are we going to escape from each other
 
 three kids a bedroom is possible in that house
 
 but its still only 5 bedrooms
 
 yes it is
 
 my god
 
 its bigger than the 6 bedroom houses
 
 btw just pick one already
 
 otherwise its gorgeous
 
 girls are not ment to be that "together"
 
 Im telling you
 
 you put us all in the same room you will regret it within a month
 
 5 bedrooms
 
 especially picture #39
 
 on the site thing I gave you
 
 8131 W EAGLE HEART Court \ngo look at this one. lol
 
 &lt;3 
 
 like I said
 
 my favorites are beverly (cuase its a block a way) and sauhrita (cause that one is BIG
 
 Paint and rugs fix everything else
 
 haha
 
 :P
 
 I just want off base
 
 lol
 
 alright
 
 I dont really care which one we get. 6 Bedrooms
 
 a yard 
 
 not  a hell hole and preferably in town....tada
 
 but I'm checking
 
 the house looks fine. 
 
 It says other
 
 so it might.. I'm asking.
 
 The only ten bedroom I saw on the list is the one that was a senior center that isnt covered
 
 I am asking to see if it is VA covered
 
 didyou see the 10 bedroom one at the bottom?
 
 I say we look at beverly and sahaurita and see if we like them/can make them work in person and go from there. But thats just me
 
 The rest of them have either fewer bedrooms
 
 less square feet or are obviously not going to be VA covered (yoru realator is an idiot)
 
 I like beverly (which is va covered and near here
 
 so long as it isnt ugly and horrifying) and the one in Sahuarita that was huge
 
 These are all the same ones we have been looking at. To be honest I think weh ave hit the piont where we arent going to find any "new" ones to look st
 
 these are some of the new houses that he has sent me
 
 http://portal.flexmls.com/michaeloliver\ngo hear
 
 and the username is PhillipJohnson and the password is  elfman89    (if something is saved type over it)
 
 hey
 
 hahaha
 
 Heres the mail it never fails it makes me wanna wag my tail when it comes I wanna wail FAIL
 
 Ive forbidden the boys from taking naps
 
 yeah you think its cute
 
 you havent chased them down fifteen times
 
 aww. lol
 
 I have got to hide that damn little treasure box you have. The boys keep taking it off the bookshelf because its "pirate treasure"
 
 I am soooooo happy I wasnt born then
 
 Love in victorian era
 
 He will hold thee
 
 when his passion shall have spent its novel force
 
  something better then his dog
 
 a little dearer then his horse.
 
 dearer\n\nRyan
 
 Christopher; Jetha
 
 Cacilda (2010-06-29). Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality (p. 30). Harper Collins
 
 Inc.. Kindle Edition. 
 
 it makes so much sense
 
 lol
 
 roflmao
 
 I get why polys get that entitled enlightened mindset
 
 if people cant be honest enough that their partner trusts them then they have to make up lies that make the situation comfortable enough their partner trusts them
 
 Well
 
 you would have done something like that a week ago to calm me
 
 roflmao
 
 haha
 
 hahaha... the chick with cancer... apparenly her hubby is leaving while I'm gonna be sleeping. lol so.. to make it ok for me to stay
 
 she said I was gay. WTF!  
 
 have you told me that before?
 
 aww... 
 
 rofl right next to your scratchers
 
 so I didn't ge tit. lol
 
 dotn know where its at
 
 told you you always forget something
 
 you didnt get me ice :P
 
 haha
 
 :P
 
 not my fault you like retards
 
 eh 
 
 still trying to explain 'us' to Sammy. lol slowly but surely. lol
 
 lol
 
 OOh yay Oh Oh Go Diego Go!
 
 lmao
 
 :P
 
 you are shit outta luck
 
 so unless you can talk your other wife into it
 
 I aint having no more babies
 
 haha
 
 :P
 
 roflmao or you could just get used to the thought that 8 kids is more then plenty
 
 ;)
 
 naked
 
 in pudding
 
 lol well only one of you can do it. so you better fight. lol
 
 awe gf thinks youd get mad if I got my tubes tied
 
 :P
 
 ohh....  k
 
 last time I just miscarried within 2 weeks
 
 lol
 
 our wifes online. ;)
 
 No
 
 My body can barely handle pregnancy 2 years apart
 
 I make a trip to ks and get her prego right after you. lol
 
 10 kids. lol
 
 hehehe.... ;)
 
 basically the time it would take to have another kid lol
 
 thts like ten months away
 
 and a couple months and then its two babers and 2 sexy wifieys
 
 &lt;3 kk
 
 see ya ina bit
 
 leavin now dear
 
 eh.. I dont care about pizza
 
 but youare the brand whore ;)
 
 but youd still hae to get me a burger lol
 
 Hell I can order you guys papa johns right now if you want to give me your credit card info
 
 that works fine for me
 
 so...   u burger
 
 kids little ceasars. lol
 
 also it isnt monday
 
 :P
 
 kk
 
 i had a piece of pizza for lunch remember
 
 and Im not you
 
 Id rather have a burger
 
 if you wannnnnt
 
 my point was... if we aren't eating out while she's here. we can order PJ tonight
 
 &lt;3 my head hurts
 
 bring home food
 
 probably not often
 
 maybe a couple times
 
 coming home now. ;)   soo..... are we going to eat out while Katrina's here?
 
 an add popped up
 
 its like the internet knows im crazy
 
 kk
 
 lol
 
 but its fn expensive and IM not bad enough to need it yet
 
 supposedly its awesome
 
 and works
 
 Its some kinda weird technique to deal with child abuse etc without dealing with it. So it doesnt make you all mopey afterwards.
 
 eye movement?
 
 Hey i found a counselor that does tat eye movement thing for when we are rich lol
 
 dont get yourself in trouble &lt;3 we will survive if we have too
 
 yup I have one the end of February
 
 I'll call him. 
 
 soo
 
 my babysitter has to leave
 
   sounds good. 
 
 you so need to keep better track of your scheduling
 
 :P
 
 but I dont wanna cook and I dont have enough money in my account to order anything
 
 bball is like now. lol soo.. I don wanna go
 
 change
 
 then go to bball
 
 so come home and feed us
 
 :P
 
 you are also going to buy me a burger and fries on your way home as well as chicken nuggets or burgers for the kids because my head hurts and I dont wanna cook
 
 what time?
 
 rofl no you are going to do what you volunteered to do
 
 i wanna go bowling
 
 not concessions
 
 babysitter has plans?lol
 
 lol I don wanna go
 
 do you have to leave?
 
 what time?
 
 okay
 
 Great
 
 and they dont have neough people and I signed up a long time ago....
 
 shit...
 
 hey... I just found out that tonight is the basketball thing.
 
 compared to that stab mother of god that was bad
 
 still kinda ringy/achy but
 
 definitely better now
 
 lol
 
 on her butt
 
 she went boom
 
 Poor princess I just knocked her over. She screamed at me so I swatted her awy
 
 not really no
 
 not a good combo
 
 I have selective hearing on top of it. 
 
 whatever Nick is more deaf then you and he hears more
 
 lol so I actually have a reason to not hear shit. lol
 
 im siting ehere with my head tilted to one side and a wipe tucked under my ear
 
 this never happened before so therefore its baby so therefore you :P
 
 I blame you
 
 thats so not okay
 
 mine burst like 5 or 6 times when I was younger
 
 does*\n
 
 sometimes it just doesn
 
 nope
 
 or something
 
 or had an ear infection
 
 I thought they only burst when you dove to fast or like hit your head
 
 (not according to the military..) but I do. lol
 
 I have 30% hearing loss in one ear
 
 mine did when I was little
 
 wtf though it shouldnt do thta for no fn reason
 
 still ringing
 
 it feels better though
 
 draining/bleeding but only a little bit
 
 bleeding or draining yet?
 
 rofl I web mdd
 
 I think my ear drum might have actually ruptured
 
 so I can just click a button if I post something in the future
 
 I already seperated the people on my friends lists into people who I think I can tell who wont care and people who I dont wnat to deal with/its none of their business/will care
 
 my ear wont stop ringing
 
 easing him into it so I can figure out his reaction
 
 rofl
 
 lol 
 
 I'm telling brandon about the possibility of my  relationship status in the future
 
 hmm.. meza sorry hun. 
 
 fuck
 
 ?
 
 id say I blew an eardrum but I didnt do anything
 
 holy mother of god....
 
 ah omg...my ear just exploded
 
 haha
 
 sometimes my boys arent the smartest
 
 billy trying to tell me adam peed his underwear and adam trying to tell me billy peed his
 
 but seriously
 
 I sent him to the bathroom and he peed the toilet instead of his pants
 
 he's preemptive. lol
 
 lol
 
 our sons are morons
 
 .....
 
 rofl
 
 Adam just tried to tell me billy peed his pants. before he peed them
 
 and well her hubbys an idiot also. lol
 
 so if we did something
 
 she would shower
 
 and it would look the same. lol
 
 and with leah
 
 she wears moose in her hair or something to make it always look wet
 
 
 
 if the sneaking doesnt take that much
 
 not nesacarily.. but they are dating retards
 
 
 
 haha like I said not my fault you keep fucking retards
 
 or 20 year old scotch
 
 but the people I am up against make me smooth like butter. LOL
 
 you arent nearly as smooth as yout hink you ar
 
 eh you can say what you want
 
 I still think hes a moron for not knowing. 
 
 roflmao
 
 so he prolly didn't even know. lol
 
 they were having sex a lot back then. 
 
 because she smelled like me. lol
 
 etc.
 
 the only time he should have known was the last time when I paid for full blown sex
 
 me giving oral
 
 and her on top 
 
 fully naked
 
 etc..etc....
 
 so its on your clothes
 
 pushed up against hers and unless they had sex that morning why would she smell like lube
 
 her clothes would smell like you
 
 you axe before you move
 
 I cover my bases. lol
 
 but.. she was never naked
 
 only depantsed with condom and lube
 
 so she never really smelled liek me
 
 but rather
 
 the condoms and lube that they used. lol
 
 rofl exactly
 
 in his case moron
 
 first one
 
 sometimes it easier to pretend you dont know even when you do
 
 or in denial
 
 hes a moron
 
 that wouldnt explain the smell of you permiating her skin
 
 so adam could adjust. 
 
 and he knew that. 
 
 back then
 
 we were still giving hugs in front of the kids before she left
 
 please I can smell other womens perfume on you when  you come home from bowling or work
 
 normally her hair is pulled in a ponytail
 
 and she has her hoodie on with jeans
 
 and the kids fluster her face anyways when they dont listen. 
 
 then SAVINGS
 
 groceries for the week and toilet paper
 
 yay
 
 Available Balance : \n$1
 
580.57
 
 Im not saying they should have got she was charging
 
 but at least that she was fucking you
 
 hell i can tell when my moms had sex
 
 I can tell when Linds and Nicholas do it
 
 have done it
 
 are going to do it
 
 but how can you look at two people together
 
 or look at the person you are with and niot know they just had sex?
 
 lol
 
 one cover story
 
 and I paid her for babysitting her kids since it was last minute
 
 so we had sex before I left and when I came home
 
 which that day was true
 
 
 
 Marissa had to come home and watch the kids so that I could go to a command directed appointment. 
 
 it aint my fault everyone you screw seems to be retarded
 
 etc..
 
 like if I gave Leah 300$ for sex
 
 it could be a gift from me
 
 a loan
 
 (the truth) &lt;- not usually. lol
 
 Your cover stories from then dont sound that good to me
 
 roflmao
 
 and cover stories for the money
 
 its all about time
 
 and how Marissa's bfs never knew
 
 how do you think Lizle and Marissa never knew about eachother
 
 I organize
 
 it would be during one of the times I need to be in Ks. 
 
 you said our
 
 just assuming that is in the Tio tense
 
 (other women does not include katrina)
 
 and I come to save the day. one dollar at a time. ;) 
 
 but what are you gonna do fly her down here? You dont get to screw other women in our house
 
 and they dont have her Child support. lol\n
 
 probably
 
 especially when Katrina moves
 
 because it will get to that. 
 
 which is essentially what I am attempting to do with leah. 
 
 and I like that. 
 
 :P
 
 My price is the money I need to do what needs to be done
 
 or.. like Tim Minchin would say
 
 one of my "fun rants"
 
 we keep having this conversation you know
 
 You are in a mood
 
 hehe
 
 lol sorry
 
 i'm off on a tangent. lol
 
 your already fucking me
 
 Stop trying to get a price out of me you fruitcake
 
 no
 
 I am not going to sleep with your friends for money
 
 especially when I cant sleep with the ones I want for free :P
 
 We could go one step over and I could accumulate a list with pictures
 
 and you two can pick the guys you'd be ok with 
 
 (ones youd sleep with anyways. lol)  
 
 I love money too
 
 and if we ever NEED the money then I probably would
 
 otherwise...fuck no
 
 sorry
 
 I do math
 
 I like numbers
 
 and I love money
 
 lol
 
 in like 2 weeks
 
 becauase the interesting thing is. I could probably actually come up with a list of 10(ish) people that would pay to have sex
 
 and get all of them you and katrina as a threesome for like 5 bills  thats 5K
 
 because it depends on how much money I need in how short a time
 
 it makes it impossible to price
 
 unless I had to
 
 wouldnt
 
 haha (theoretically
 
 cuz you know I couldn't actually do it) (at least not currently)
 
 soo
 
 I can get katrina out on the streets for 200 a pop
 
 lol what about you? ;) 
 
 whatever it would cost to keep a roof over my kids heads/fod in their bellys
 
 I have Katrina's theoretical prices. lol what are yours. LMFAO\n
 
 roflmao no thanks
 
 well start hookin. lol
 
 whatever makes you happy when we become billionare
 
 hahahaha
 
 lol
 
 because I would throw a little more money in so youand katrina could tie them up and call them whores
 
 maybe a little
 
 you would too
 
 roflmao
 
 you would soooo get off on that
 
 and we would document and videotape everyoen i did it to and catagorize them based on price. lol married
 
 etc..
 
 id just hand it to them and tell them to bend over
 
 I could just hand people money then tell them to fuck off
 
 It would be nice
 
 lol
 
 I want enough that I wont have to barter or manipulate
 
 I can literally just go
 
 heres a million dollars. I get full custody
 
 you can come see her when you want
 
 and it wouldn't even dent me
 
 I could buy whoever I wanted
 
 just to prove the point that anything is purchasable
 
 I will be happy with 1 million
 
 rich
 
 If you leave me alone I will give you a million dollars
 
 who gives a fuck
 
 never have to worry
 
 I wanna be bill gates rich
 
 I wanna be middle upper class. lol
 
 there is upper lower class and lower upper class
 
 no midlle
 
 lol 
 
 haha those people dont exist anymore dont you watch the news
 
 rich people and poor people can be bought
 
 but.... the middle class
 
 the hard workers
 
 that make a decent living but are still humbled
 
 those people are hard. lol
 
 You are a fruit cake
 
 slowly but surely
 
 since right now I'm working on the 'unabtainable' leah lmao
 
 she wont admit to it being possible
 
 I just know how persuasive I am with 'payments' lol
 
 if I could have done all straight cash it  prolly would have worked
 
 and she wonders why I dont like her
 
 not counting the sex money
 
 prolly like 5K cash
 
 damn it
 
 but its too late now. I could have done it in England though
 
 for cash
 
 if I had the money I would buy marissa out of custody. lol
 
 lol 
 
 I know
 
 but he is such a pain in my ass
 
 you married him LMFAO\n
 
 weirdo
 
 hahah..
 
 there is a difference
 
 I didnt say anyone should kill him
 
 just that he should die
 
 I can't be killin people now. lmao
 
 lol
 
 and 10 cats
 
 living in a house with 23 dogs
 
 and shes literally brain damaged
 
 Rene would be over it in a year
 
 lol do you want to deal with rene if that hapened. ? and nana would go for Grandparent rights
 
 led to "why cant he just die"
 
 /thinking about Katrinas prob
 
 mainly hormones
 
 nothing
 
 just thinking how much easier life would be if he was
 
 um... whats up?
 
 Because my ex husband isnt dead
 
 I was distracted texting 
 
 yeah sorry
 
 hey... you there?
 
 why did your mood go downhill?
 
 Loooooove you
 
 k &lt;3
 
 leaving now
 
 hah till I get home. lol
 
 roflmao nope the boys are watching jimmy neutron
 
 aight
 
 well Imma grab something on my way home den. :) lol   you got burn notice ready? rofl
 
 :P
 
 I think there is some crust picked clean on adams plate you are welcome to lol
 
 there were only two. they ate 31/16 lol
 
 wow. lol
 
 they ate two pizzas yeah
 
 and it isnt the "owies" its soph being heavy
 
 they ate the other two?
 
 whatever you cook yourself. I got one eigth of one pizza lol
 
 :) hehe
 
 whats for lunch?
 
 okey dokey. soryyy... about your back....
 
 I smell and my back hurts
 
 I need to take a bath tonight
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 Actually no it was "Billy you are a big boy go on the potty or you are going to get in trouble"
 
 :) hehe
 
 uhh NO BILLY USE THE GODDDDDAM TOILET! YOU LAZY LITTLE SHIT!
 
 UGH
 
 Billy just turned to me on the couch and told me he needed a diaper so he could pee
 
 from now on 12-2 is Saundra nap time and everyone elses movie time
 
 Ive officailly given up on making the boys nap
 
 gonna stab the boys brb
 
 lol
 
 :D
 
 stupid caps lock
 
 :)
 
 lOVE YOU TOO
 
 Mwah love you
 
 lol   ok
 
 whatever you tel lyourself. ;) hehe
 
 and it doesnt count as im your "wife"
 
 I think thats more of a trade
 
 roflmao
 
 haha
 
 you have just be bought ;) jk jk jk
 
 lol so walmart for you two
 
 then I get 28times. ;) I can do that. lol
 
 Im cheap :P
 
 fuck that
 
 roflmao
 
 fine Gucci. LMFAO  
 
 ok deal
 
 and apparently you hae two babies on the way :P
 
 baby clothes are important
 
 dream on baby
 
 walmart at the least
 
 dollar store it is. ROFL
 
 deal
 
 ohhh... hell ya
 
 She says we can try for 28 if you let us go shopping lol
 
 lol since that wont be happening again
 
 and also not big on ice if IM not preggo
 
 it crunches weird :P
 
 dont like ice maker ice
 
 maybe I'l spoil you two and when we buy the house and have extra money
 
 get a fridge with an ice maker. lol
 
 Mwah
 
 Im out of ice :(
 
 yeah you cant count
 
 its together
 
 make sense now?
 
 dork face
 
 lol that is why I said 28
 
 in the same room
 
 not together. 
 
 two different people. 
 
 oh... ok.. but it would technically be two times though. lol
 
 it doesnt matter how many times you get off
 
 its not like I count multiple orgasms as seperate sex
 
 and the voyuerism "session" counts as one
 
 roflmao
 
 well the whole voyuerism thing.. so do her
 
 then do you. that makes two each time. lol any 'combined'. and any solo's  and since both of my wives will be in the same house for the first time as a family. Imma be hooooorny lol
 
 and we are both pregnant andyou  get lazy when you work
 
 she is only here a week lol
 
 i would go with more like maybe 16
 
 lol thats what you have decided?
 
 lmao
 
 at a minimum
 
 hehe imma have sex like 28 times in the week katrinas here
 
 if we didnt have a dishwasher then fuck that
 
 roflmao no im used to doing them now and we have a dishwasher
 
 make katrina do it then. ;) you lil Leitenent you. lol
 
 dishes are my least favorite chore
 
 then I forced myself to do them
 
 I just pust them off ALLLLLLLL day until I was losing my mind 
 
 rofl fuck that
 
 lmao
 
 it maeks you want to do dishes right after dinner
 
 ugh I had the broken dishwasher at moms that we used as a dish drainer. Its so yucky to wash dishes by hand
 
 lol determination
 
 how does she survive?
 
 My poor Trina doesnt have a dishwasher.
 
 Its horrible
 
 I look at cakes wedding picture and all I think is..."they arent going to be happy" 
 
 Yeah
 
 no I get the point and I like the idea but the crayons will have to be monitered for like a month afterwards lol
 
 for the older kiddos
 
 just saying. we can set it up as a project or something. 
 
 and I will be pulling crayons away non stop
 
 then they will want to decorate the house
 
 NOOOOO
 
 and once I buy the house. I figured they would all 'decorate' their own rooms. lol
 
 I know. lol
 
 Well
 
 its important. We dont want one mommy yelling dont color on the walls while the other one gives them crayons and tells them "go for it" I mean not that thats gonna happen but you get my point
 
 lol
 
 so we can try to get most of it situated before she moves in
 
 what rules we have with the kids
 
 Sorta
 
 it will be nice too to have a dry run and figure out how our housekeeping is different etc
 
 you are smiling and feeling all warm and fuzzy arent you?
 
 :D
 
 and I would have you both together
 
 a preview of a wonderful life to come (i hope) :D
 
 yup
 
 cause sissy is weird
 
 the only woman i know who doesnt do that is sissy
 
 its also auto mommy mode
 
 if she is home with me and the kids she will automatically clean up after her kid/my kids and visa versa.
 
 since she cleans up for Leah curretnly
 
 our house is easy
 
 lol :) and just so you know
 
 I have a feeling that Katrina will act like she lives here
 
 and do the normal stuff as well. lol
 
 exactly so Im trying to do what I can to prevent that as much as possible. I will still probably be a little twitchy because thats what moms house does to me
 
 but the cleaner our house is the less I will be
 
 yea
 
 andI want us time for the three of us. so you can't be going nuts. lol
 
 true
 
 Id put everything off but then it would drive me nuts when I came home from moms and Id spend the first three days katrina is here cleaning the house
 
 at least this times its us and not her. lmao
 
 looks like another week missed. lol
 
 we can't do Sunday
 
 thats her family dinner thing
 
 so I dont know how to work that
 
 maybe sunday? My only plan for sunday is laundromat so if I get that done early then we should be free
 
 but we will have four kids you know
 
 roflmao
 
 she asked what sulphites were. lol
 
 I told her that
 
 why do you never remember this? :P
 
 allergic to wine
 
 she was liek 'we could bbq and have some drinks. nikki could have wine
 
 hmm.. me... kids... katey... booze.... me....katey...booze.... see where I'm going with this not being a good idea? lol
 
 you and the kids could go lol
 
 I got to catch up on housework and Katrina coming is as good an excuse as any
 
 We have to get my bloodwork done and I am having mom over to clean
 
 Katey was talking about possibly a bbq at her place
 
 what do we have going on on Saturday?
 
 we are slobs
 
 the big green tub and two baskets full of dirty laundry
 
 I got it up but Im too lazy to bring the dirty down. I got it all set up in the baskets though so tonight you can help me drag it down stairs
 
 throw  stuff over stairs. lol
 
 :P I wont lift anything more then 40lbs
 
 I might drag it though
 
 maybe Ill put our laundry away and empty our room. It will only take thirty trips up the stairs lol
 
 Ok
 
 so Im gonna go clean and try to accomplish something
 
 lol
 
 its fn cute
 
 Billy got my last three bites of eggs
 
 so hes feeding every other bite to Saundra
 
 lol
 
 thats why I never touch his hammers
 
 I dont want my finger prints on that shit lol
 
 hes sentimental
 
 why does he still have them?
 
 they are all covered in dried blood
 
 if I ever decide I absoloutely want to get rid of him I could probably do something about it just by reporting something that would make them look at the hammers in his car
 
 I'd require a gun. lol
 
 so more like dents
 
 lol
 
 you'd get no holes
 
 he likes hammers
 
 :D  mwah
 
 Im simply informing you of the insanity of my brain because you wouldnt know otherwise
 
 granted
 
 I like not having holes in me. lol but I'm crazy enough that that is only part of the reason
 
 I know 
 
 at least I only do it to you.  and I dont actually try anything with her. 
 
 but the jokes twinge a little
 
 Im okay when we "talk" about it
 
  You really have to stop that to some extent hon
 
 haha
 
 butt face :P 
 
 hehe you could take Mikey
 
 and leave me and linds with the kids. ;) lmao jk jk
 
 but it takes such effort
 
 I really need to work on doing laundry everyday like I do the dishes
 
 because our ENTIRE bedroom floor and bathroom floor is covered in dirty clothes
 
 I would like to have the bedroom and house cleanish before gf gets here and if I dont go to a laundromat and wash everything then I will just stack it in the laundry room to rot. You know Im HORRIBLE with laundry. And I can make mommy come with me and do her laundry
 
 shes backed up too thanks to linds
 
 ? why?
 
 I might make you drop me off at the laundromat on sunday lol
 
 ugh this weekend we have to do so much
 
 I basically have to get all the deep cleaning done and my blood work
 
 possibly
 
 but if its a pick of her house those houses in that neighborhood are from the right time period. if no one updated them they could have carpet
 
 bath mat
 
 although I wonder why they have green carpet in their bathroom
 
 I like the puppy
 
 is a puppy lol
 
 photo*
 
 Roflmao
 
 look at her new phone
 
 . lol . 
 
 no. lol Renee is
 
 :p Your obsession with musical commedians
 
 You are a silly pants
 
 ugh
 
 We have eaten breakfast
 
 watched tangled and now we are playing with tools and watching cars
 
 :) hehe
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_ElXYzFX_w
 
 Ditto ditto ditto
 
 bored bored bored bored
 
 &lt;3
 
 leavin now
 
 4 o'clock :P
 
 but I dont want to burst her bubble
 
 dont thinkshe  ever will either
 
 lol dont think she fits into Parkers 'type;' lol
 
 REne drew a picture for Parker but she is afradi to give it to him because " im afraid he wants to date me when I grow up"
 
 lol
 
 she screamed bloody murder
 
 I tried to put it in herr ight hand cause thats automatic for me
 
 she is most absoloutely definitely a lefty
 
 she's gonna skyrocket when she gets taling and motivated
 
 lol haha
 
 she keeps climbing on my lap
 
 holding her crayon and waiting for me to write her name again
 
 lmao
 
 I Helped her write her name (ie I wrote her name while holding the crayon in her hand) it came out twelve times girliert hen my own handwriting
 
 OMG OMG SAUNDRA IS A GIIIIIRRRRL
 
 I love how he dows it like rene
 
 what is it about kids it starts at the bottom then the letters somehow make a circle instead of a straight line
 
 he wanted me to write his name like I did billys so I wrote it once and told him I wouldnt color draw or write anything else until he wrote it himself
 
 lol good he used to when we were in england.
 
 hes mad at me
 
 im forcing Adam to write his own name
 
 I forget the insane moments and then they pop back in occasionally 
 
 lol
 
 i was talking to mike and told him "Drop Rene off at moms" then turned to Nicholas and said "she will be dropped off at MY moms in an hour" he lost it
 
 An argument about mike/ my mom
 
 rofl no cause all our money is going to groceries tonight so I dont starve
 
 what did you flash back to? &gt;????\n
 
 hehe I can go bowling or to the bar tonight. hehe we have money tomorrow. lol lmao
 
 that was traumatic
 
 omg I had a flashback to Nicholas
 
 yup
 
 remember moms 4 :P
 
 she has folklorico 
 
 shes gonna be gone tonight
 
 andi  know I cant get it to other people from touching things 
 
 lol she no allowed to be scared tonight.
 
 rene drew me a "cut off arm" I feel special
 
 lol
 
 I have hand sanatizer in my purse for when I have outbreaks lol
 
 im always worried :P 
 
 hehe and if we do it (oh she doesnt wear underwear. lol) then I'll prolly play with her
 
 eat her out
 
 make out
 
 etc.. make out with you
 
 play with you
 
 have sex with her
 
 then have sex with you so you dont worry about the 'thing' lol 
 
 our bed cant fit me you anda  baby
 
 and I still think you are gonna have to sleep on the floor or renes bed or something
 
 but ill do the best I can
 
 im even touchy on that because it would involve naked pregnant women lol
 
 sounds like something doable
 
 soo... extreme voyuerism? and all three curling up for bed?
 
 yeah pretty much
 
 it would be bad
 
 so
 
 me getting you
 
 me getting her
 
 us sleeping together. 
 
 im preggo and self consciuos and I dont want to go there on top of that
 
 this time is really limited
 
 rofl no
 
  you can't get drunk. :P
 
 I meant when she was here this time. lol hehe
 
 you can say what you want now
 
 I just dont want to agree to it or let it slide with out argument for fear that you will take that as approval and oks. When its time to do things if Im too uncomfortable Ill tell you
 
 then the nextn ight we will get drunk and try again
 
 if its still too uncomforatble then it gets on my no thank you list
 
 tell me if its too much.. if it is
 
 then me and her might do you like that
 
 and then I'll eat you both out. ;)
 
 uh your just gonna keep bull dozing huh
 
 we'll start together
 
 and I'll just move to her. ;)
 
 more just uncomfy
 
 kinda like that
 
 just not quite as severe
 
 remember the convo we had about you being blindfolded getting a bj from a guy and me
 
 I will know that its a possibility and that will freak me out
 
 you wont know. ;) hehe
 
 I like mosto f the ideas
 
 but then when I actually picture it I get freaked out so....we shallse e
 
 rofl we shall see :P
 
 and when shes going on you
 
 I'll go on her. ;) hehe\n
 
 she'll disappear under the sheets with me and we'll switch off. ;) lol
 
 only insane people dont like getting oral
 
 I was like I like receiving
 
 im just shy 
 
 ohthat  makes more sense
 
 I meant that you not liking going down on a girl is balanced out by me loving it. lol
 
 I parted Saundra's hair
 
 it looks a little better
 
 still kinda ridiculous though and the new part is making her head feel weird so then she messes it up.
 
 I honestly dont see it taking quite that long but eh
 
 Mom just messaged me we should have my moula by the 8th
 
 nope
 
 I have no problem (obviously) reminding you guys that Im not really bi
 
 and Im not going to necessarily be comfortable. And hey I like oral sex
 
 it just makes me self conscious so :P
 
 ok
 
 I just didnt know ifyou wanted privacy so you didn't feel like I was pressuring
 
 id be more comfortable with you there
 
 its the whole penis thing
 
 no penis no love
 
 you two can kick me downstairs one night or something or I can sleep in her room and you two can experiment to find your comfort zone
 
 I know
 
 and Ill try
 
 but like I said I dont want to promise something that I might do once and go...yeah not so much
 
 and make out and stuff
 
 
 
 she just wants to be able to go down on you
 
 i know
 
 but that doesnt mean I cant find out exactly how comfortable I can be
 
 from what she has said
 
 since I love going down
 
 that will balance out you not liking it
 
 you dont have to be all bi to please us. 
 
 lol
 
 as we are now officially out
 
 that means we can buy toilet paper
 
 I like money
 
 oooh money
 
 I know you arent
 
 but I also know its what you both want 
 
 theoretically I might have my Ks return tomorrow
 
 its marked as pending for tomorrow in the bank account
 
 we really aren't. 
 
 ok
 
 it is a start
 
 we aren't asking you to switch to 100% Bi
 
 I know
 
 and Im not capable of promising anything. I can promise "group things" that dont necessarily involve me and her touching
 
 and probably lots of drunken make out sessions but everything else is pretty much we will have to see
 
 she wants you that way
 
 but doesnt expect it in return. but she does want to be able to go down on you
 
 and possibly make out
 
 etc..
 
 I just want us to be happy
 
 :P even happy ones
 
 I want her to be part of my family I just dont want her that way
 
 which will strain stuff probably
 
 AND all relationships are imperfect bozo
 
 u know what I meant. :P
 
 she wants you as part of this whole thing
 
 and she doesnt expect it in return (in that way)
 
 Haha
 
 perfect doesnt happen baby
 
 I can't wait until we either make a perfect Triad
 
 or a  perfect V with a one way triad. lol 
 
 thats just how it works
 
 It will take time
 
 but I know that is where we are going to end up eventually lol
 
 but right now its 1 and 2 ;) hehe
 
 but I would love you two to be equals
 
 that was a couple days ago
 
 She said that she is ok with being #2 to start because she knows that she might have been #1 if she had come with me instead of picking Fritz
 
 Love you too hubby
 
 Love you wifey
 
 Mwah babe
 
 lol Ill tell her when i talk to her
 
 I will
 
 and I will tell her they same
 
 or you can text her. lol 
 
 I know
 
 but the more I think about it/the more I read the more I have realized that I really need to become okay with the concept of me and her both being primaries in the end. Because you cant force a relationship to be secondary and if everything goes well then it wont stay that way. When something twinges I will tell you both
 
 so you guys can help me and I expect you both to do the same :P
 
 :) I want both of you
 
 and I want you to want each other
 
 soI am trying to make sure you are both comfortable. 
 
 :*
 
 :P 
 
 just so you know
 
 that is why I keep telling you when somethings okay
 
 I know
 
 your being careful
 
 (spice) lmao
 
 :) I'm already a good hubby
 
 ok. I didn't want to piss either one of you off. 
 
 Its not like either of us will forget the other girl exists rofl
 
 Luv and Love are pretty damn close in my book hon
 
 one tends to lead to the other
 
 I am allowed the vice versa? 
 
 roflmao You dont have to bring gf up everytime I say I love you. You are allowed to say you love me without mentioning her lol and visa versa
 
 although technically its all four of you. ;) LMFAO
 
 I know. ;) you both do. lol
 
 Muah
 
 good thing I ilove you
 
 :P 
 
 bozo face
 
 k k k kkk kk k-k kakaka  hahah Mwah
 
 Ugh i hate that kk
 
 kk
 
 REMEMBER
 
 Rene Moms house by 4 &lt;3
 
 ok
 
 sounds good
 
 even if I only get a grand I should still have enough to save like 100 for peter piper or chucky cheese
 
 imma try to save the boys brithdy party money out of my tax returns btw
 
 lol
 
 my famiy likes to thank me for duh shit
 
 my most recent post "Saundra just slipped and fell and burst into tears
 
 she climbed onto my lap for comfort so I snuggled her and kissed her and told her she would be okay. She stopped crying
 
 smiled up at me said
 
 "Thank you Nikki!!!" Then clapped for me as she walked away. :D"
 
 ? huh?
 
 thats where your daughter gets it from
 
 roflmao
 
 thank you :)
 
 lol you both are perfect for me. :)
 
 im just going to pester you
 
 I already told you that though. I will think of things and decide we need to do them and then pester you because I dont think your doing it fast enough :P
 
 for all three of us. ;)
 
 and I will take care of it. Mwah 
 
 I know we need a new keyboard. lol
 
 UGH :P this keyboard is making me nuts. I hit the keys in order but they arent being put in order....
 
 Thats gonna be your job you know mr. I want to be in charge of the money. YOU get to open savings accounts and figure out how much money we can afford to put into them. You get to budget out your lunch money
 
 bowling money and the bills. p:
 
 ugh we sooooooo need to win the lottery
 
 yup lol
 
 seriously at least two. Emergency fund because we should have on
 
 and one for child custody battles because we should have one
 
 and we need to start savingfo  rthe kids to go to college
 
 I'm good at poker
 
 well let me gamble I'll win BIG. lmao
 
 lmao
 
 We need to win the lottery
 
 and we actually need to open like 3 savings accounts and use them
 
  which so long as we arent married we can all file as a household together or file seperately depending on what is best for us
 
 probably more because you only qualify for like 200
 
 which is about what we could get seperate
 
 1200 ish
 
 closer to a little over a grand
 
 then we would get....
 
 if its all of us
 
 I get 500ish
 
 not true though
 
 you qualify for next to nothing.  she should get 632 at least
 
 
 
 make sense? lol
 
 I nkow
 
 but would we get more 'overall' if it was me and my two
 
 you and your 'three' and her and her three
 
 and so long as she makes poverty level or beloww ich I think for a family of four is like 25 she qualifies too
 
 rofl
 
 you and me should still be able to get on food stamps because with me and three more kids you will definitely qualify
 
 hahahah
 
 ohh FUCK the government assistance system. lol
 
 ROFL
 
 and.... if  we are all seperate we might be able to all get Foodstamps. 
 
 my point is that if we can figure out the 'sweet' number
 
 we can try to make sure you both get it. lol
 
 your pretty much stuck with a house wife and a working wife until the kids are all in school in five years babe
 
 roflmao I think thats probably pushing it and she already said she needs an out of the house job for her sanity lol
 
 thats a little shady so if we did that I'd have to do a LOT of research
 
 maybe we can actually start her up as a daycare. (legally) and us pay her. ROFL
 
 I mean you each work half the year
 
 depending on what the number is that I come up with that you need to make. lol
 
 childcare would kill us
 
 not that we can afford for both me and her to work anyway
 
 roflmao
 
 thats attached
 
 :P well we could just be engaged for a year lol
 
 I know. I dont know if I could take not being 'attached' just for like 6K  for one year
 
 so long as you can promise all the things you would if we got married (and I still get a ring :P)
 
 You know Im not one to really care about getting married. I pester you about it but in the end its just for the security that comes with it. 
 
 hmm. it would be awesome to have like 19K coming into the house from Tax returns. 
 
 after long talks
 
 and everything is up to you. lol
 
 we'll figure out the best way to get money
 
 (and.... if that means no me and you this year
 
 then who knows... lol we might do it
 
 to get and extra like 6-7K) haha
 
 Coolio
 
 so as long as she makes less than 40 K we are good. lol I'll run more numbers later. 
 
 ohh... and for EIC its just less than 40K with three kids
 
 lol
 
 got a pic of saundra "thugged" out in renes hat
 
 oh and dont forget "only a high school education"
 
 They dont like me at workp laces because I have "limited experience" and "large employment gaps" 
 
 I worked a full year at minimum wage and was still under a couple years ago
 
 rofl
 
 I cant make that much
 
 Well
 
 me and her and you will have to have a bunch of paperwork on file too. That way in case of whatever we have the documentation 
 
 ROFL
 
 that would max it out. lol
 
 we need one more kid. lol and you and her to switch off working in the year so you both hit the minimum for EIC
 
 and us not to be married. lol
 
 yeppers
 
 so if she gets close to 4K we need to make sure she hits the bottom EIC marker and filer herself
 
 which will get us like 10 bucks lol
 
 and we can't claim her unless she makes like under 4K
 
 for 3 or more kids its like 5700 max
 
 but EIC stays the same. 
 
 and they are dropping child tax credit to 500 a kid next year
 
 so for us to make the most money
 
 we need her to work and get whatever the EIC minimum is
 
 Cause if she has that would be better. Make it eaier to qualify
 
 Yes
 
 not sure
 
 so if we can get her to qualify for EIC then we would make more filing seperately
 
 has she been working this year?
 
 because I dont qualify for EIC
 
 we would need to have her get a job
 
 and make like 10000 and she'll get 5600 federal
 
 and depending on how much she made this year will depend how much she gets back. If I ifile just me and billy I ionly get what I put in so like 80 total
 
 next year is 2013 right? So yeah i get Rene
 
 and.. .if we claim her its about the same. 
 
 the 7 of us filing next year (if you get rene) we will get about 9500 federal
 
 we will figure it out
 
 we have like 12 months lol
 
 I'll have to do some estimations to see if we would make more iwth me claiming all or her claiming seperately
 
 hehe
 
 according to this if she moves in we can claim her on our taxes. LMFAO
 
 http://www.bankrate.com/brm/itax/tax_adviser/20040304a1.asp
 
 I have to get my loving digs in somewhere
 
 uh huh
 
 only cause it bugs you :P just like Flup
 
 Spices. lol wow... you are going to run with that arent' you? lol
 
 so long as she lives with us the majoirty of the year Im pretty sure that if you file as head of household you can claim her. Atleast from what I am seeing. I only thought of it cause I stumbled across a child care form for letting your spices take the non bio kids to docs etc
 
 I dont know any
 
 I was just curious if we could claim her
 
 (like I would claim my brother
 
 or you would claim a family member living with youo..
 
 What was that paperwork you mentioned last night
 
 claiming Katrina as a dependendant? 
 
 she's cheatin on us too. :P lol
 
 does our gf know your cheating on her? :P
 
 You are such a playa
 
 hopefully we get another message back from Mittens and we can grab coffee after Katrina leaves. 
 
 hehe :P   
 
 I know you think that and it makes me feel warm and fuzzy when people think Im hott so I always tell you when they think Im hot. That would be my point :P 
 
 :P
 
 lol but its hott when she things you're hott. lol
 
 rofl yes because I keep such things secret from you instead of rubbing them in your face and going "see look other people think Im hot!!!"
 
 lol  she just wants to hiton you without me knowing. lol
 
 Katey and I have decided that I need a laptop so that you wont steal the computer from me
 
 thats when I had an app at 2 and a sono at 3
 
 yeah but her ultrasound is scheduledf or the 7th remember. They just happened to be able to schedule mine for the same day
 
 do you find out sex at 20?
 
 I dont know
 
 its just the 20 week check up right
 
 so they do the heartbeat
 
 ask questions and either check her blood work or tell her to go get stuck
 
 wonder what they are going to say at our babe's ob appt today?
 
 lol  yup
 
 I think it might be stuck on the desk all week lol
 
 Wating on Rene to say sorry to Saundra to get her toy back
 
 rene wants one of those 40 dollar bed canopys for her birthday lol I told her we could probably do tht
 
 thats what I though lol
 
 lol I'll buy a 10 dollar walmart one. ROFL
 
 Rene says if we dont get a house with a pool we have to buy a kid one
 
 the boys dont get stuffed animals for like a week
 
 your delusional
 
 rofl
 
 like there will be any now
 
 we'd never get 'alone' time. ;) hehe
 
 try adding a new boy to the mix. lol
 
 rofl like it matters we spend three hours putting the boys to bed every night anyway lol
 
 apparnetly her son is the hard one to get to bed. lol so that helps
 
 lol
 
 so thats only five kids instead of six lol
 
 yeppers
 
 its just gonna be her and her daughter. 
 
 oh did she tell you
 
 then I dont have a clue. lol
 
 lol :P :P
 
 I already did that yesterday
 
 lol
 
 txt katrina and bullshit about me. lol
 
 lol 
 
 im bored now
 
 Ive officially run out of shit to do on the internet
 
 lol
 
 I just told saundra to kiss my butt
 
 so she kissed the wall
 
 hahaha
 
 butt face
 
 bubba came downstairs
 
 climbed on the couch to watch tv and passed out
 
 rofl ill live with it
 
 Its not gonna make me nuts
 
 its gonna take some adjustment and summer time we are so investing in city parks classes or "get togethers" with friends so I have help with all 8
 
 lol time to talk to the #2 about your new found issue. lol
 
 I know I can do it and the babies at least wont be newborns before she gets a job
 
 but seriously it just hit me
 
 lol you will manage
 
 and she prolly wont get a job for awhile
 
 six kids at home with me
 
 two in school
 
 maybe even six shit...eight kids
 
 I just realized that
 
 I know
 
 I know
 
 but then shell get a job and there will be four babies at home in diapers.....:p 
 
 lol you two can work together. ;)
 
 1.5 to go
 
 I got two down
 
 I dont want more babies to potty train
 
 ugh nOOOOOO
 
 yea... right... dont think either one of Katrina's are. ROFL\nlmfao
 
  a girl can dream
 
 maybe they will both be potty trained by april lol
 
 kk
 
 so when we are out of diapers we will switch to pull ups
 
 so am I
 
 she wantsto  but she doesnt quite have timingd own granted shes only been trying for a day
 
 if she beats billy Imma laugh my ass off. 
 
 lol maybe she'll potty train herself. lol
 
 I think its time to switch her over to pull ups
 
 Saundra is insisting on having her hair up and wearing panties over her diaper
 
 rofl okie
 
 :) lol
 
 coming home for lunch. I'm hungry
 
 rofl
 
 maybe Ill just leave em up there and feeln o guilt
 
 its true
 
 haha they'll still be having fun. rofl
 
 six hours from now
 
 or they may just still be upstairs
 
 fun fun. lol
 
 Im not sure
 
 :P boys may be dead when you get home
 
 :P
 
 jk
 
 :P I like to know these things so I can hide my bf before you get here lol
 
 okay I was just curious cause it was almoart one. 
 
 not sure..   working on the project so it depends if I find a break piont
 
 are you coming home for lunch today or are you on missions?
 
 roflmao
 
 we had a 'talk' ;)
 
 I think its a realtor thing lol required for the job or something
 
 but I dont care if I can  get a house. lol did Katrina send you the links to the houses she was looking at?  LMFAO  230K and up. 
 
 haha yup
 
 well he does
 
 lol
 
 btw your realtor looks pompus
 
 like adam vamped bubba
 
 I think she vamped me 
 
 and baby is very awake
 
 Im suddently very tired
 
 I want my own room :P
 
 and I want six rooms
 
 the other one is bigger
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wusgx1imuh0&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1  heres 5 bedrooms. lol he just sent it to me. lol
 
 she could sterilize our table and chairs in ten minutes
 
 mom?
 
 yeah
 
 shes anal retentive about other peoples house
 
 will she do it?
 
 lol
 
 maybe wec an even get lindsey to "help" mikey and just leave the kids at moms
 
 makes perfect sense
 
 well make mikey watch the kids and mom will helpm e clean 
 
 lol
 
 yea.. that'll work. 
 
 actually we should see if mom and mikey can watch the kids sat. Get my bloodwork
 
 swing by the house
 
 take mom and mikey back to the house with us and make them help me clean...bwahahahahahaha
 
 when we can ditch babies easier and dont have to worry about your work schedule
 
 Na
 
 if we are just gonna do a drive by we could do that saturday
 
 but you and me can still drive by if you want
 
 he just had a client come up so we can't view today
 
 love you too. :P
 
 btw &lt;3 you
 
 and not having to restart the school conversation would be nice
 
 I like TUCson even if you dont
 
 blah blah blah\n
 
 and the Beverly better be good
 
 because the one in sauhita would be imediately good to move into
 
 im sure mikey can watch them for an hour if nothing else lol
 
 ill ask
 
 ok
 
 so ask your mum and/or lindsey if they can watch
 
 well I/we are looking at the beverly house today at 5:30 if I get an email back
 
 lol 
 
 and its halfway to ex hubbys work lol so he cant bitch its too far a drive
 
 and it has a decent yard
 
 but That one is pretty for being a subdivision
 
 IDK
 
 if Beverly house looks tolerable Id prefer staying in or NEAR tucson
 
 unless we can somehow find a beast house that VA approves. I doubt that
 
 but it would be perfect for us. 
 
 30-40 minute drive
 
 
 
 yeah and its mostly freeway but thats a big commute for everyday
 
 subdivision in another town
 
 seperate town
 
 not in tucson
 
 no its a town
 
 25 mile drive
 
 by a long shot
 
 good
 
 (i like fuck of nowhere)
 
 sauhrita isnt even tucson
 
 its also fuck of nowhere though
 
 It is pretty though and I do love the kitchen
 
 :P
 
 and toddler beds
 
 Its angles babe
 
 itsa ll staged. I found the photo button :P
 
 then click the (photo) tab on the top. :P
 
 cliick that third listing. 
 
 I dont see anything about the bedrooms
 
 I dont know where in hell you are seeing that
 
 but the bedrooms are huge
 
 that was my point. lol
 
 yeah
 
 most of the ones we have been looking at are at least 3000 you have to be to have that many bedrooms
 
 its 3200 Sq Ft
 
 did you look at the bedroom sizes?
 
 not huge
 
 6 bdroom
 
 the third one is HUGE!
 
 middle of nowhere pod people :P
 
 suburbs and sahuarita lol
 
 omg
 
 I want #3 on the list. the 185K one
 
 I dont have tot talk to anyone and can have headphones in all day now. lol woooo
 
 I have a 'big' project I am working on now
 
 not sure when I get out of work today so prolly just me unless I get out with enough time. 
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wusgs3111nu&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1  check these out
 
 sounds fabulous
 
 so just you or are wet aking the kids to moms
 
 Hey
 
 I have a viewing of the Beverly street house today. lol hahha  at 5:30pm sound good to you?
 
 sounds good. 
 
 maybe Ill just clean the computer desk and make the kids pick up the toys
 
 aggravating
 
 and I feel like I shoulda ccomplish it now even though its stupid
 
 I just want to clean the house before you leave so its clean when IG et back
 
 haha cleanin the LR right now wont do nutin
 
 and Im like yeah fuckt hat
 
 and Im staring at the living room going well I could just clean one roomt oday
 
 lol
 
 so now there is just you know
 
 cleaning the entire house and my bloodwork
 
 I have the meal list
 
 shopping list
 
 price check and bookcase done
 
 lol you think thats how. l9ol
 
 I accomplish things and my list getsl onger
 
 how does this work?
 
 id feel bad
 
 he isnt getting in trouble really
 
 just agraviting me
 
 make him hold corn cans
 
 not out (their too heavy to get the point across) just hold them in the corner
 
 lol its like he vamped the baby
 
 and Bubba is comatose
 
 He broke flup
 
 I dotn know what the hell
 
 it does nothing
 
 pretty much the past hour plus
 
 Ii did
 
 and run in circles
 
 and do push ups and dance
 
 make him hold can's  
 
 seriously who slipped him meth
 
 kick legs
 
 run jump spin in circle
 
 "agagagagagagag" "\nnikkinikkinikkinikkinikkinikkinikki" 
 
 non stop
 
  omg
 
 I cant deal with this today
 
 just as bad lol\n
 
 Imma smack the boy
 
 its always been on the carport
 
 the freezer has never been IN my mothers house lol
 
 I would actually feel better about buying something that has NOT been in your mothers house. lol
 
 lol :D
 
 lol
 
 there is a freezer for 120 on there
 
 other than that dont see it happening. lmfao
 
 but I would have to be trashed
 
 and she would have to literally mount me
 
 http://forsale.oodle.com/refrigerators-freezers/tucson-area/
 
 ooh found one for only 400 but its only 13.7 cub ft
 
 only 800 lmao
 
 and she'd have to jump on me
 
 lol that is mean
 
 brand new stand up freezer is only eight hundred dollars
 
 lol I'd have to be pretty fucking drunk. lol
 
 well yeah
 
 you are
 
 just not the way she thinks lol
 
 lol yup I'm a skeeze. :P rofl
 
 she doesnt know if you are a skeeze or not and mike is a drunken idiot. You being with me wouldnt necessarily prove anything
 
 she doesnt know you
 
 you could be an asshole
 
 /she didnt want to worry if I didnt know/being weird
 
 oh... and shes not attractive.
 
 so it makes it a little difficult to cheat with her.
 
 lol well
 
 I'm with her friend. lol
 
 so shes being paranoid and making sure there is nothing he can misconstrue
 
 he thinks she was cheating
 
 she isnt being a bitch shes being paranoid. but I got it wrong
 
 he didnt cheat
 
 understand what?
 
 Renee just called to make sure I understand
 
 lol I know
 
 ok
 
 I'm not starting anything. k? just wondering.. so we have to be prepared if she wants to stay
 
 to reassure her as we send her off. 
 
 its crowded now
 
 there just isnt
 
 there is not enough room in a three bedroom baby
 
 cause Id lose it
 
 I doubt it would happen
 
 but still
 
 then you better get a house tomorrow
 
 how would we do that?
 
 so... theroetically
 
 what if she doesnt want to leave?  
 
 you get too hot at night
 
 Whatever shes gonna push you off or vice versa in three seconds
 
 I dont want to come home to a dirty house
 
 we have to clean before I go to moms
 
 that just means that me and her get warm and cozey together. :P
 
 you are going to have a busy weekend btw
 
 I get what I want!!!
 
 hehe
 
 okey dokey. ;) hehe 
 
 I want my own
 
 you guys can share
 
 no cause then you steal mine
 
 :)
 
 we could weach have our own
 
 with a large quilt over the top
 
 for stealing the warm
 
 id have two people yelling at me
 
 f that I want my own blanket
 
 buy the fabric
 
 and you can make quirky quilts. lol\n
 
 cut up two king size and sticch em together
 
 lol not too bad
 
 
 
 well have to make some
 
 sheets ll be the issue lol
 
 itll work just fine
 
 and a couple peieces of foam
 
 lol
 
 we will have to use rope
 
 soo
 
 three twins beds. 
 
 lol
 
 they only sell them for twins. 
 
 I learned in college on my twin beds
 
 now to find one for a queen bed
 
 tie em together and put a pad strip in the middle
 
 lol
 
 thats what I was about to show you lol
 
 check that out. lol
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Create-A-King-Bed-Doubler/dp/B00438S56Q
 
 roflmao
 
 and we would need a big ass bedroom
 
 ok
 
 whatever at least I could freeze bread and tortillas
 
 so they wouldnt slide
 
 you no drink it
 
 it yucky like that
 
 and Possibly we would have to tie the matresses together
 
 no!
 
 yes freeze milk
 
 no freeze milk!
 
 we need a freezer lol
 
 soo
 
 do you think if we bought another queen bed
 
 put the boxsprings next to eachother and the mattresses crosswise it would work?
 
 if we had a freezer we could even buy milk and bread in bulk
 
 probably lol
 
 lol I need to set the main alarm and put it on the other side of the room again like I used to in England
 
 you cant even wake up in time to get dressed most days
 
 rofl
 
 i meant me or her will have to make your lunch me at least until she gets here
 
 hahahaha
 
 hehe and line all the kids up in a row by height and kiss them all as I walk by
 
 I can grab my lunch and kiss both of you as I leave. ;)
 
 or
 
 like a lot of people that work. :P
 
 :P
 
 ok so we will have to start packing yourl unch like your in grade school lol
 
 :D
 
 if I have something prepared to bring to work I will
 
 but plus what you would be eating for lunch anyways on days you dont have "out" lunches
 
 since we do it randomly
 
 and it will prolly be a way to help save money
 
 so between 40-120$ a month
 
 if we assume one a week it would be between 10-30 on lunch 
 
 the whole eating out thing
 
 i meant the 'work' lunches are random
 
 its on my list
 
 and we can buy bulk tea at costco
 
 or pack lunches L:P
 
 either you will have to budget in an amount a week 
 
 well
 
 when we move we will have to figure it out then
 
 when we move I can't
 
 now I can come home 
 
 I can't really assume the whole work lunch thing
 
 its random. 
 
 lol
 
 i dont know. 
 
 im attempting to make everything covered with the use of coupons
 
 at work
 
 sodas
 
 lunch at work
 
 teas
 
 etc. cause that falls under groceries and im trying to figure out if I can find out how much I need from actual $$$ a month outside of food stamps
 
 what are you talking about
 
 ?
 
 how much do you think we spend a month on your drinks and food?
 
 she is trying
 
 lol maybe she'll get it on her own. lol
 
 I was trying to figure out how to put in your random drinks and lunch
 
 but I think we are just going to have to budget in a certain amount for you to spend a week on "work food and drinks"
 
 she thinks its time wether or not I agree
 
 trying to go potty in the potty
 
 but saundra is running around in renes panties over her diaper
 
 its gonna make me nuts
 
 we need to get the little toilet from my moms
 
 and I will worry about keeping household expenses in check
 
 you can worry about bills
 
 11 people
 
 and college for the babies 
 
 a vacation for 10 people. lol
 
 we will have savings forw hen shit blows up
 
 and I can thrift store with the best of them
 
 im anal retentive about utilities when I know they cost me mony
 
 Im going to bust my ass and we will not spend an extra dime on food
 
 thats what budgeting is for
 
 no we wont
 
 just think of vacations. LMFAO
 
 haha sure you konw that we will have expenses we always do
 
 bwahahahahahaha
 
 and I will take it ALL and put it in savings
 
 tue
 
 but she would get the 1500(ish) per kid
 
 Whatever no sense discussing next years taxes now
 
 since she would be "paying rent" etc
 
 which would be weird
 
 roflmao except hers will go under her unless you claim her as a dependant
 
 1500$ * 8 = 12
 
000$
 
 rofl
 
 just think if they keep the EIC .. lol
 
 and one of us has to worry about that
 
 and we both kow it will take a bit for her to get a job
 
 so she can help until she gets a job
 
 because fucking 8 kids means money
 
 ful of money
 
 if we are going to do this we will have a mother fn savings account
 
 muah love you
 
 love you
 
 Mwah
 
 lol
 
 you have to want more dont you :P
 
 pain in my ass
 
 i have to get oranized if we are going to budget. Damn it
 
 kkk
 
 okie
 
 so then I am good with the list I have pretty much. We will just only get the produce for the stuff we plan on eating that week. We will just have to pick our food for the week in advance so we dont have to run to the store everyday
 
 so we would only have to pick up lke Milk
 
 and fresh produce and little things throughout the month
 
 I like big. lol
 
 lol
 
 her cna is more then my minimum wage at mcdonalds
 
 yep
 
 once she gets a job
 
 one every two weeks? what you think
 
 one a week
 
 now to divy it
 
 do you want one big shopping trip for everything except produce
 
 
 
 soo you are going to be a housewife for 8? ;)
 
 kk
 
 okay I THink we are good
 
 chili dogs
 
 if there are any
 
 left overs
 
 pasta occasionally
 
 ok lunches
 
 sandwhiches obviously
 
 im not even gonna look
 
 it says puppies for adoption in the link
 
 lol
 
 http://www.pennysaverusa.com/classifieds/garage-sales/usa/rhode-island/providence/north-smithfield/02896/precious-and-lovable-siberian-husky-puppies-for-adoption-small-fee-50617504.html  just to screw with you
 
 Now I remember why me and mom never stuck to doing this
 
 god this is a lot of food and this is hard
 
 possibly roflmao
 
 might make her paranoid. lol
 
 oh well I guess I wont pick on her then. 
 
 weird. 
 
 girl logic
 
 you talked to a boy now I get to talk to that girl I was cheating on you with
 
 its so he wont use it against her
 
 No
 
 i told you
 
 soo... does renee actually have some part of her mind that thinks I will try and hit on her? lol
 
 for this next month
 
 so like 18 boxes
 
 thats why I made you do it
 
 rofl
 
 head*****************
 
 14**** math went wrong way in heat
 
 lol so like 18
 
 cause if it were a box a day it would only be twenty eight
 
 shouldnt it be less then twenty eight
 
 math went wrong way in head
 
 that doesnt sound right
 
 14*
 
 and it will last 1 day with more kiddos. lol
 
 56
 
 how many boxes
 
 do math
 
 theres 28 days in a month
 
 box of cereal last two days
 
 lmfao
 
 she wouldnt sell the dog house for 40when saab wasnt using it because "what if she got another dog"
 
 trust me I know ma
 
 haha
 
 I know but she will "need it" 
 
 so if we find one for that or less buy it
 
 if not when we move we steal hers
 
 she paid 20 rofl
 
 probably 100 or less rofl
 
 cuz we can put on in the garage now if we find it. lol
 
 for how much? lol
 
 bet you she would 
 
 lol
 
 we should just try to see if mom will sell me hers when we move
 
 too bad we are broke. lol
 
 there you go. 
 
 http://www.pennysaverusa.com/classifieds/usa/arizona/pima/tucson/query-garage-sales/radius-2/
 
 lol
 
 im making adam exercise
 
 lol well I need to start going to yardsales then. lol
 
 full of junk food and popscicles
 
 its on the carport
 
 yeah weve had it like 6 years too
 
 lol does it actually work?
 
 mom got hers at a yard sale for 20 bucks lol
 
 unless I can find a cheap deep freezer at the thrift store. lol
 
 yeap you should fix that
 
 kinda need a house first. lol
 
 cheaper then other things
 
 That way I can make casseroles and freeze them for when we are lazy
 
 yup
 
 at least by the time she moves in
 
 the freezer we need definitely
 
 we need a house and a standup freezer. lol
 
 yes
 
 soo... does Costco take your card?
 
 ill add that to the pantry options
 
 I want chilidogs. lol
 
 fredo pasta is enough lol
 
 no
 
 and a couple quickys
 
 I might like the chilidog casserole. lol
 
 28 or so MEALS
 
 I have like 30 options
 
 read the rest. lol
 
 I think I got it
 
 no cola chicken
 
  No
 
 eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew
 
 look at these. lol
 
 http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20080430131334AAs4dtt
 
 and its looking for an exit.
 
 its just like he is full of three million pounds of energy
 
 Its notl ike hes being mean
 
 or.. .make him hold cans
 
 duh
 
 corner
 
 seriously wtf
 
 and then started bouncing
 
 threw a hat at rene
 
 the remote
 
 disassembled
 
 he just climbed on the couch
 
 steak for adults
 
 butterfly steaks for kiddos with corn on cob
 
 Adam is making me nuts
 
 cheaper in parts from costco
 
 (homemade pizza)
 
 pizza
 
 workin on it. :P
 
 your not much help
 
 this is all stuff on my list already :P
 
 (leftover chicken for chicken quesadillas next day lunch)
 
 chicken and rice with asparagas
 
 tacos
 
 lol 
 
 BUDGET
 
 one thing those websites did is pump me full of financial fear
 
 no then we need to start saving for 8 college funds
 
 with her imput like yours lol
 
 until she gets her CNA  lol then we are Golden
 
 if shes working its gonna be my job anyways
 
 lol
 
 we have to do better with budgeting
 
 so we can get used to it. lol
 
 we need her help ;) hehe
 
 well im just trying to get enough so that I can seperatei t out into weeks or two week groupings
 
 we can costco and such
 
 no she hasnt texted yet this morning 
 
 ask her. lol
 
 lol I got pasta for 8 nights worth
 
 is Katrina txting you?
 
 what else would you eat with that?
 
 pasta by the truckload. lol
 
 duh 
 
 (with mashed potatoes
 
 and corn)
 
 breaded porkchops
 
 so we can costco
 
 hmm.. meatloaf (so put pan on list. lol)  
 
 im trying the whole plan a month ahead thing
 
 we just need stuff to get us through
 
 next month
 
 next week is done
 
 what grocery list are you making? the next month? or the next week?
 
 Hye im trying to get the grocery list situated. Any ideas on dinners you want?
 
 I love Adam with all my heart but I might just killh im. All I have heard since you left is "nikki ______ is doing ______"\nI look over and hes running in place andt he child in question is sitting quietly on the couch. I dont know how to respond....
 
 Now?
 
 shes not that nosey
 
 either one
 
 roflmao or just say we are going on a date
 
 not even lying  a lil
 
 lol wow
 
 lol 
 
 that we are going to a couples support group
 
 ?
 
 where would we be going
 
 what will we tell your mum about babysitting?
 
 so the next one we should go if we can
 
 thats why I went googling
 
 it would reallyhelp you
 
 and it would be nice to see others function
 
 I can make me look no nmilitary for one meeting
 
 but its not like i would ever make you go. Shit I wanna go to one ILL goa lone
 
 as in looking fors
 
 is for newbies too lol
 
 ohh.. but she isn't here so could we even go?
 
 darn it we just missed a poly social lol
 
 yup  haha
 
 lol. Youll need your own closet
 
 my clothes will prolly go inthe big bedroom
 
 that way you have your space
 
 she has her
 
 and we all have ours
 
 guess not lol
 
 I will alwasy be in a bed with one of you
 
 I dont need my own room. do I? :P
 
 I figure you guys might need help fixing my brain
 
 I ve been googling houses and groups all day lol
 
 no "daddyr oom"
 
 wow
 
 nice. lol 
 
 and I just live in all three obviously
 
 and I found a poly support group in tucson :P
 
 one for you
 
 one for her
 
 and one for all three of us. 
 
 I'd love if eventually we had three 'adult' rooms
 
 :P lol
 
 It would be awesome for me to be off base by like tomorrow ;) heehee
 
 it would be nice to have everyone here and moved in and settled by like August. ;) hehe
 
 :P lol
 
 baby belly
 
 Love you
 
 go get princess
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2896244477653&amp;set=a.2896222077093.141809.1006582504&amp;type=3  new photo from Katrina
 
 And Imma go cook dinner once I figure out what we are eating. 
 
 nope
 
 we shall see
 
 they might include the guest house thing in the floor plan
 
 lol
 
 its only 500 ft smaller then the ten bedroom
 
 this one is the next best so far
 
 I know
 
 but Im saying if we cant have that one
 
 and someone is already trying to buy fillmore
 
 mines like 0
 
 and to get a conventional loan I need a 680 
 
 I apparently only have a 651 credit score
 
 except filmore whichh as no neighborhood
 
 well Ive pulled up pretty much anything in tucson with 5 or more bedrooms
 
 trust me
 
 this is the best neighborhood lol
 
 lol
 
 I already know this side of town lol
 
 its really close which would be convinent
 
 see if its any good
 
 I wanna look at the one we know is approed
 
 coolio
 
 VA covers Duplexes as long as you will be occuppying one side. lol so if we find one we can buy the buildign. if it qualifies
 
 :P ?
 
 till I'm done
 
 not till I'm home
 
 good I want my baby
 
 :D
 
 prolly 30 minutes
 
 get baby girl
 
 and you should get off work
 
 we should go look ati t
 
 might get a little cramped but the house is big enough we should be okay
 
 four bedrooms two kids per bedroom yeah we could do it
 
 each kid shares with one other
 
 she could still have her room and ur room
 
 it works..
 
 urs
 
 katrina
 
 8 kids.
 
 hmm.. 6 bedrooms
 
 either or
 
 get princess
 
 get kids
 
 or pick us up drop off kids
 
 swing by house
 
 get princess
 
 get off work
 
 yes we could
 
 we could go look
 
 and its like wilmot and 22nd
 
 :P
 
 or my art studio
 
 or man cave
 
 so there would always be an extra room
 
 theres a studio guest house out back too
 
 I'd get a couch a lot if there was arguements
 
... so we need a sofabed. lol
 
 well you said we could do 6
 
 its 3101 square feet
 
 now if only we knew how many bedrooms it was lol
 
 the realtor said it is VA approved.
 
 the one that is somewhere between 6 and 14 bedrooms
 
 now figure out which one that was lol
 
 VA is good on it. 
 
 6061 E Beverly Street \n
 
 okie dokie
 
 if she gets a job my BAH will cover about if not all on a 185K house
 
 I was telling you
 
 I meant dropping the number to something more reasonable
 
 I was just looking at things that looked not ridiculous lol
 
 that 185K house
 
 this is AS HIGH AS POSSIBLE\n
 
 1015.42  that house would be about 190K and this would be the payments
 
 how high can we go without? Just so I can modify the search
 
 "master"
 
 yeah is true
 
 she agrees with me though
 
 we need two master bedrooms
 
 but I'm not sure if we can afford 185K unless she DEF moves out here and gets a job
 
 so I will have the realtor look at it
 
 The one you sent said it does VA
 
 its 6+ and there are like 2 7 rooms
 
 i have been
 
 they dont have that button on any site
 
 lol
 
 then look for 7
 
 then me and her could have our own rooms
 
 seven bedrooms would be ideal
 
 we could do it but we might slaughter each other
 
 six would mean two kids per room and three of us in one room
 
 would 6 be enough for all of us?
 
 I think I'm not sure.. .
 
 then you know "seperate" but not
 
 that would actually be convenient
 
 ahh I read the description
 
 if its like my moms old place there is a door connecting two houses for (in house) caregivers that live next door
 
 so bad
 
 it confuses me
 
 http://mls.thepepper.com/idx/5222/details.php?idxID=129&amp;listingID=21119265
 
 kinda need that part. lol
 
 this confuses me still....I dont get it. 6 bedrooms but ^^^ that
 
 link?
 
 ots of space
 
 main home with 2 separate living quarters plus separate studio/guest house in the rear (not included in square footage). 14 room in main home
 
 ideal for group home
 
 senior care
 
 large family
 
 combined family and other possible uses. 
 
 I know. haha
 
 only 400 times. LMFAO
 
 I dont charge
 
 that was a joke rememebr
 
 no
 
 thats not gonna happen either lol
 
 think you can get friends of yours to pay 200$ to sleep with you? ;) hehe
 
 at a minimum we could buy the flowing wells house with the cracked pool if we can get 80K cash. lol
 
 14 rooms but 6 are beds
 
 I found one that confuses me\nthe details say six bedrooms\nbut the description says 14 rooms in main house\nwtf?
 
 Expect every so often until you go get princess
 
 No
 
 you done? lol
 
 and goo
 
 and shut down
 
 noooooooowww
 
 or now
 
 So now would be good
 
 only an hour commute lol
 
 found a six in Sauhrita
 
 lol
 
 there are all kinds of plig houses in utah
 
 why dont we live in utah?
 
 fine...ill go hook or something
 
 in cash. lol
 
 well you go get 180K
 
 stupid heads
 
 :( but I want it
 
 just asked
 
 not VA approved
 
 cash only
 
 nope
 
 and call general Hammond
 
 its time for my princess
 
 it would be epic
 
 10fn bedrooms
 
 If I cant have Filmore I want that senior center damnit
 
 :'(
 
 nope still working. :P
 
 did you go get her yet?
 
 go
 
 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnd
 
 Go
 
 Soooo go get Rene now
 
 fruit cakes
 
 jsut wait till we both dominate you ;) hehe
 
 :P
 
 freaks the two of you
 
 omg
 
 and would be ok with you being drunk. LOL
 
 she wants you. lol
 
 lol 
 
 wwiiitthh ooouuuttt yyyooouu! and she not have to like that as long as she's good with getting gone down on and making out and playing with each others bodies....
 
 :P
 
 im not drunk
 
 yay for the two of you
 
 hehe she telling me what she wants to do with you. ;)
 
 http://tucson-real-estate.brendaobrien.com/listingdetails_64566.cfm?startrow=1&amp;&amp;CITY=NO&amp;SUBDIVISION=&amp;AGE=NO&amp;RETIRECOMM=NO&amp;SUBDIVISIONS=NO&amp;BATHROOMS=2&amp;ADDRESSSUFFIX=NO&amp;PROPERTYTYPE=NO&amp;SUBDIVISIONOPS=NO&amp;LOTSIZEMIN=0&amp;SITEMEMBERSEARCHID=0&amp;SCHOOLTYPE=NO&amp;PRICEMIN=0&amp;PLANCOMM=NO&amp;SCHOOLDISTRICT=NO&amp;GOLFCOMMUNITY=NO&amp;MLSNUMBER=&amp;FEATURES=GuestQuarters&amp;PRICEMAX=200000&amp;ADDRESSNAME=&amp;LOTSIZEMAX=0&amp;BEDROOMS=5&amp;ADDRESSDIR=NO&amp;AREA=NO&amp;SCHOOLOPS=NO&amp;SAVEDSEARCHTITLE=&amp;SHOWLISTINGS=0&amp;ADDRESSNUM=&amp;LOTSIZEDIM=NO&amp;SCHOOL=&amp;ZIPCODES=NO&amp;SITEAGENTID=0&amp;SQFTMAX=0&amp;SQFTMIN=0&amp;list_id=21201213&amp;PageID=64565
 
 is SG1 shutting down yet
 
 link
 
 I want my baby
 
 No 'as is' that I can see but its expensive
 
 more then we can do I think
 
 rofl
 
 hehe
 
 lol... no be sorry.. i like her and she says she likes me to... maybe i can get her to leave you out a few times later on if i move with you
 
 and she just put this.
 
 I told Katrina I was sorry and I was trying to make sure she didn't feel under appreaciated by being #2 two
 
 does it say 'as is'?
 
 10 bedroom home used to be a senior facility
 
 :D 
 
 see you are #1st
 
 feel loved
 
 I put love on yours and luv on Katrina's ;) hehe
 
 love you too
 
 love you deary
 
 &lt;3:P
 
 I am I am
 
 I meant in Tucson area
 
 I'm trying to check. keep lookin Mwah
 
 I dont care if its in town. lol
 
 I found quite a few nice 5 bedrooms for cheap
 
 but thats as big as they seem to be in town
 
 Apparently the only way to know is to check each individual property or have a realator that does va loans and has already checked a bunch
 
 true
 
 duplex
 
 if a VA loan would buy a duples
 
 I guess we could do the whole seperate houses thing
 
 all I keep finding are five bedrooms or duplexes for sale
 
 :P love you either way
 
 me either
 
 if I want the benefits I need to keep up on the responsibilities of having two
 
 Im not trying to be mean
 
 just practical
 
 I'm looking..  i want this to work and the financial housing stuff is my responsibility for both of you
 
 If we cant get a huge house you cant get a gf
 
 its jutst impracticle we need our own space or everything would blow up in your face/my face/her face
 
 :D hehe
 
 if we can't get a huge house we will have more issues.  :'( I want all of you 
 
 lol but I didn't tell him that. 
 
 roflmao for our commune
 
 no clue
 
 you figure it out
 
 I'm trying to see if the realtor has any other simialr houses. lol
 
 well
 
 is there a way to search for homes that are already VA approved?
 
 stupid mission I want my princess
 
 and whenver the mission is over
 
 realtor said probably condition.. apparently VA's are PICKY
 
 and your off at like 4 right?
 
 whats wrong with filmore?
 
 So only VA acceptable properties? 
 
 That blows
 
 booO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 apparnetly my credit is 651 so I dont qualify for a conventional loan.. 
 
 long distance second gf?
 
 well she cant be commited to the us thing if she wont be here dork face
 
 :( but it was perfect
 
 so I'm working
 
 and ... it doesnt qualify for VA loans. 
 
 but.. just found out that the fillmore house might be gone
 
 100% on the us thing
 
 but still thinking the moving but high 80's on that
 
 shes 100% shes gonna move down here?
 
 i like mittens. (obvious reasons) lol and katrina is already 100% lol
 
 well
 
 you keep looking/talking to the girlys and come may well get drunk and pick one
 
 sow your seeds and all lol
 
 I get that
 
 lol if she ends up going for it etc.
 
 part of the reason why I want an outside threesome before we commit to katrina
 
 I understand that 
 
 lol
 
 well yeah
 
 but I meant outside. You would just become monogomous to two women instead of one
 
 if we got a gf it would be threesomes with her
 
 shes not on right now :P
 
 okey
 
 I'll start talking to her when I get home
 
 unless you want to message her from mine or yours and ask if she has a facebook or email as I cannot get onto Cupid from work
 
 you do realize if you get a gf
 
 I probably wont be ok with anymore threesomes or "extracurriculars" after that right?
 
 perhaps s
 
 kk I will start talking to Mitten
 
 maybe we can all grab lunch or something to meet before May. 
 
 mmm brownies
 
 I must need sugar
 
 my brain just died
 
 Wed have to discus when you get home and I have a brain
 
 I just am
 
 im okay with Katrina because I dont know
 
 adn no
 
 she wont be interested. She only wants to be a third
 
 ok
 
   so if somehow I could hook up with mitten for a one night stand?  and I will def try to get all three of us in May ;)
 
 maybe
 
 one night stands involve more of me and the sex less of accepting you with the sex which means they involve liqour which means not until may
 
 so if we can do a one night stand with Mitten
 
 you'd be ok?
 
 look I fixed the keyboard :D
 
 possibly
 
 I dont know
 
 are you ok with possibly meeting for some fun?  I need to knwo what I can say. lol
 
 either one night stands OR other gf
 
 Its kinda probably gonna be an either or sorta thing
 
 Not really you can if you want 
 
 nvm i think reboot fixed it 
 
 soo
 
 wanna start talking to Mitten about when Katrina leaves? ;) 
 
 I can't do anything about the keys here and I think Marissa made me throw out all my old keyboards
 
 help
 
 Yeah
 
 I'm up for meeting up and seeing how our chemistry is! Just let me know when you guys are in a good place for that.
 
 No
 
 computerkey sNowork
 
 and blow on the keys and hit the keyboard upside down
 
 computerkey sNowork
 
 :D hehe
 
 go to my okcupid
 
 mitten just emailed back. 
 
 computer
 
 what keys?
 
 keys\n\nNo\n\nwork\n\n
 
 ?
 
 key s \n\nIno\n\nwo \n\nrk\n\n
 
 kk
 
 and we might still be in city limits there
 
 I dont know
 
 it looksl ike it shouldnt be too much more then normal
 
 so I shall google it
 
 Im a googling fool
 
 830 is pretty cheap though. You can be a headless chicken
 
  hehe
 
 i'm a chicken with my head cut off today so you can look it up. :D
 
 :P
 
 no clue. 
 
 I wonder how much garbage is going to be out there
 
 which is enough to pay some of the utilities
 
 so like $200 left over from BAH :D
 
 and it would be like 830$ a month on the mortgage
 
 I am
 
 this just doesnt have a solution. lol
 
 :P
 
 hey
 
 your supposed to be sympathetic
 
 no choice. 
 
 I dont wanna
 
 :'( 
 
 sorry
 
 gotta wait till July
 
 can we get the house tomorrow?
 
 I want off base tomorrow
 
 I dont want to wait 6ish months to get off base
 
 thats what they did with my last house
 
 :P Hopefully they will cover some if not all closing costs if your willing to pay full amount
 
 which is like 3200
 
 I want away from pod people
 
 yes I know
 
 that will be like 132K so we would still need closing money if we can't get the sellers to cover them
 
 lol 
 
 fuck expenses
 
 no more base for me yeah no more base for me yeah
 
 now to get money for expenses
 
 :D 
 
 we could haves our house
 
 yay
 
 mortgage
 
 I got preapproved from my Military bank. :D
 
 uh huh
 
 that makes me nuts
 
 true
 
 but Im insane cause I want this and then im also screaming that I dont
 
 no we aren't we are plactical and know that things can work out
 
 even if they aren't 'normal'
 
 Ii want you toknow that
 
 we are absoloutely insane
 
 to have me to yourselves
 
 and to have you time
 
 lol
 
 I understand
 
 even with a family you both do need you space
 
 
 
 I couldnt even make it through a semester in college with a roomate
 
 I dont know if I can deal with sharing a room with another girl
 
 we shall see my love
 
 4 beds 8 kids
 
 share. lol
 
 like any other relationship
 
 we will have to figure it out as it goes
 
 not enough room for that many kids lol
 
 and we will all help eachother
 
 and... we could always move Katrina in with us in the main house and rent the guest house? :) hehe
 
 so your gonna help me therapy myself lol
 
 :P
 
 lol we'll be good. 
 
 then we will be good
 
 and we work through my abandonment insecurity fueled jealousy
 
 I think so long as I like the other girl
 
 never
 
 you are both  #1 wives
 
 
 
 but you just dont like her. lol and you two would never click
 
 ill probably need therapy lol
 
 neither am I
 
 rofl
 
 she's not secure enough in being loved or being with someone
 
 and she would never go for it. 
 
 rofl
 
 haha why not?  
 
 Just no Kathy
 
 I love you too
 
 lol
 
 :) Mwah I love you 
 
 I can be picky
 
 rofl I dont know
 
 possibly find someone else
 
 and if it doesnt work with her
 
 pretty sure I have to worry about you two ganging up on me more than you two getting along. lol
 
 but im willing to give this a try and see where it goes
 
 I know. I mean this is still dependent on if we even all get along together
 
 and I love that you want it too :) hhee
 
 I know. 
 
 haha perfection
 
 your delusional.  There will probably always be something between someone that needs work. 
 
 I'm not expecting perfection off the bat
 
 but I am glad that you are making strides. :) and I am glad that you want it too. :D
 
 but steps in the right direction
 
 I mean obviously it wont be all good or anything for a while 
 
 and thank you
 
 appreciate me lol
 
 its not jumping
 
 its trying to be practical. Ive been working on it since you got here and now in order for this to even be a possibility I need to work on it more. And as this is something for some fucking reason or another I kind of want it gives me insentive
 
 no I dont believe that you would be the only one I have sex with by myself
 
 but I didn't think you would jump this fast. I'm proud o fyou :D
 
 or do you honestly believe that if everything works out you will only have sex with me by ourselves
 
 like I said
 
 Ive been googling lol
 
 probably
 
 I mean we would have to talk about it but I mean if we are talking about the possibility of her moving down here eventually then I would have to be okay with the concept of you two having sex
 
 (not that I could get one in this amount of time
 
 just wondering)
 
 if I got a blood test you would be ok with me and her on the ride home????
 
 :P
 
 Iid say no
 
 not unless you get a blood test to prove to me you dont have hsv before you leave
 
 I'll let her know that if she wants me on the ride home she has to ask you. hows that? and you can say yes or no. lol
 
 lol
 
 :P and she coulda just asked lol
 
 well
 
 I figured shed go along with it lol
 
 haha. 
 
 lol figured me? not figured her? :P meany
 
 so I wanted her to know because you wouldnt think to tell her
 
 because I figured there was a possibilty you were going to try to get some either on the way back here or while she was here
 
 lol so she doesnt care. haha
 
 she was wonderring why you told her if you already said that we weren't having a threesome until after babies. 
 
 Mwah
 
 hahaha 
 
 :P
 
 not really
 
 I just ask
 
 :P
 
 you know more about Katrina then I do
 
 ohh
 
 ok
 
 Katrina has two though so you guys just have to remember to grab one of hers
 
 we had to throw out the one I had there
 
 Saundra broke it
 
 for at moms
 
 you cant
 
 i need it for saundra
 
 hotel on the way back. for her daughter to sleep in
 
 ohhh remember to have me take the playpen with me. 
 
 If she gets herpes during the last two trimesters its BAD
 
 bad isnt even sufficient
 
 horrible horrendously bad
 
 its really just the risk to the baby
 
 which is weird
 
 but Ive been thinking all day with my website searching
 
 not because of the sex
 
 jk jk
 
 id sleep with her if she let me 
 
 and let you go sleep with someone. lol jus tto say that I had. haha
 
 there was no break
 
 I dont know you were talking about Katey then Katrina
 
 still no sex until after shes done being pregnant. I will kill you both
 
 and why would 'katey get scared away? ;) hehe
 
 yay
 
 katrina
 
 Katey or Katrina? And yay I want off base
 
 (that busy ^^ )
 
 alksjdop jeao;iewjoai;ej
 
 and I am talking to a lender online. wow I'm busy today
 
 :)
 
 hehe she didn't get scared away. 
 
 besides
 
 shes happily married
 
 I would too
 
 joking I know you'd kill me
 
 me too ;) hehe
 
 I want my katey
 
 okie doke
 
 Katey might be getting money the beginning of next week and wants to chill. I told her I'd be grom from the 1st-10th
 
 everyones online but not ONLINE
 
 so was Katy and so are like three of my friends and my cousin
 
 hehe
 
 katrina's online
 
 SAVVEEEE MEEEE
 
 Im bored save me
 
 MUAH!
 
 Mwah
 
 OkCupid does not love us
 
 We have decided at the very absoloute least to be friends because you are insane and I need someone who knows that
 
 I told her I was just worried Id piss her off if I couldnt hold back a mean comment after Bitch called to talk to the kids
 
 lol  haha
 
 she says she doesnt talk to her too much anymore because she disagrees with what Marissa did to you
 
 Dork face
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ebhqACZHQ4 I want
 
 and a picture of that would be awesome. lol post it on a site and go (yup
 
 I'm that good) rofl jk jk jk
 
 we can all sit on the couch and cuddle to a movie. :D hehe
 
 well I am excited about my girls. :P
 
 I love google lol
 
 :P
 
 I know
 
 I was just being a pain cause you were excited about your "girls" 
 
 ok 
 
 I alraedy said we could. :)
 
 so :P there
 
 but according to my new website friends me and you definitely will need to sit down and talk through exactly what bothers me and how we want to deal with it
 
 nuh uh. :P ;) hehe
 
 you are a fruit cake
 
 ohhh my girls making me a shopping list. Ohhh sexy! ;)
 
 We need Milk tonight
 
 I havent checked in like an hour lol Ill check now
 
 we should make sure we have enough int he house that we dont have to leave that day but me and her can make up a list the day after you get back
 
 well
 
 I figure the shopping for our house can wait until you get back. We just really need to shop for moms. Because I dont know what she likes/what her kids like
 
 any.... Ok cupid messages? or SLC messages?
 
 so its waiting for us
 
 so maybe not milk since you are going to be at your mums but everything else. 
 
 and we need to get your mum or someone to watch the kiddos on the 1st so you and me can do HEAVY shopping since there will be two more in the house 
 
 we got like 60$ till next Tuesday. lol
 
 just text her and say you were wonderring how often her and marissa talk. I dont think they talk that much anymore
 
 because my thoughts of Bitch needs to back off or learn how to talk to her son so she doesnt make everyones lives more difficult might upset Katrina if she considers Marissa a friend
 
 so I will have to watch myself and what Ii say
 
 I dont care about Marissa knowing
 
 but I really dont like Marissa
 
 which is going to be awkward
 
 lol   you know that Marissa will find out eventually right?  if this goes the way I hope it does. :)  she is friends with Katrina. lol
 
 and if I decide I want a bf then you get to look at google lol youll be at work all week
 
 we will have plenty of time
 
 that way you two can talk while I'm not there and the kids are asleep
 
 i get you two some sparkly cider and I go bowling so you two can talk without me. ;) hehe
 
 and if this will help then it will
 
 I want us to be good
 
 Im trying
 
 roflmao
 
 :D\n
 
 and you have to not be an asshole and have to be told you are an asshole buy us both
 
 I love you looking at google. hehe
 
 that I have to communicate with her and vice versa
 
 :) 
 
 or face it like you would a phobia and work through it
 
 It says that you aknowledge what specifically you dont like and either make rules around it
 
 oh yea i forgot
 
 we have saundras in the closet
 
 Imma have to remember to bring her playpen. lol
 
 lol what does it say?
 
 I love google
 
 etc
 
 how to deal with it
 
 why it comes and goes
 
 why I am jealous of some things and not others
 
 about?
 
 that tells me why I am not crazy
 
 Im also :D for me because I found a site
 
 Im :D for you baby
 
 so she has already given that option
 
 I'm glad it didn't scare her. :) 
 
 She told him he could keep him for a week if he could find a babysitter
 
 I wonder if he would keep their son if he's not cool with it
 
 and its only for a week. 
 
 lol :D
 
 and if she comes she totally understands if the house is a mess :P
 
 so apparently it didnt scare her too bad 
 
 shes waiting on her sons dad to decide wether or not she can take him with her 
 
 :P
 
 No her camera is not broken
 
 rofl okay
 
 u should txt katrina and see if her son broker her camera.. lol
 
 maybe Ill mop
 
 roflmao
 
 ;) hehe
 
 lol hit on women on okcupid. lol'
 
 what am I supposed to do if I m not chasing them
 
 Im bored
 
 somehow the kids are actually doing okay
 
 ECK
 
 otherwise
 
 because I have to avoid downtown
 
 I pay attention during ASU vs UofA games
 
 :P
 
 I dont do sports
 
 like at all
 
 lol I'm from KS thus I am a Chiefs fan I dont really follow but we always piss off at least one team a year. lol
 
 ever
 
 ever
 
 never watching it at home
 
 sorry. :P  
 
 :P
 
 I think we need to break up
 
 I....I dont know what to say
 
 OMG you do football?
 
 Ii do not know what the hell
 
 fb is freaking the fuck out
 
 lol
 
 Fetch!
 
 somoas
 
 thin mints
 
 chocolate ice cream with brownies and bananas in it
 
 and also 
 
 not funny is sad :'(
 
 lol
 
 I miss her
 
 lol
 
 soooooooon
 
 need 
 
 my princess want
 
 lol either or
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?q=2001+chevy+van+passanger&amp;um=1&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=o6d6OPjzCwErbM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.mcdonaldtrucks.com/afv.html&amp;docid=fMz4r1yhiP1RPM&amp;imgurl=http://www.mcdonaldtrucks.com/01cngwhpass.jpg&amp;w=696&amp;h=415&amp;ei=55QdT7yQOKayiQL5zuy-CA&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=776&amp;vpy=377&amp;dur=4033&amp;hovh=173&amp;hovw=291&amp;tx=173&amp;ty=136&amp;sig=115366875333080283464&amp;page=3&amp;tbnh=119&amp;tbnw=200&amp;start=45&amp;ndsp=25&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:23
 
s:45  or... its this one. lol cant tell
 
 And tonight
 
 you need to go get milk and whatever else we have run out of by then
 
 When you get off work
 
 you need to go get princess
 
 cargo space is good though
 
 groceries and strollers lol
 
 it might be I dont know
 
 I looked it up and it looks like its 7 with cargo space behind that
 
 I think the White van might be 7 passanger also?
 
 lol
 
 its no fair that cousin works there
 
 I want coldstone ice cream
 
 I was figuring 7 so im happily surprised
 
 and the churchy van gets about the same
 
 thats better then I thought lol
 
 lol the 92' van gets on average 15 MPG
 
 but like me
 
 they both have kids and shit going and it makes it hard to meet up. I saw Renee mostly when I was her neighbor lol
 
 yeah
 
 and Renee too when she isnt working/dealing with her drunken husband
 
 hmm well at  least you have Katey and Renee.. if katey ever gets off her husbands ass and get sover here. lol
 
 so it goes down to texting and occasional phone calls
 
 none of them have kids
 
 they dont know how to react
 
 I get pregnant and its like I grew another head
 
 the boys
 
 they cant deal
 
 Katey is new but she lives BFE
 
 Renee always has her own stuff going on so we get together when we can
 
 
 
 Jackee and Taylor love me
 
 and they try
 
 but if you dont have kids you dont get it. 
 
 why?
 
 ive already done this twice before lol
 
 and it takes about 3 months after baby for friends to come back
 
 pregnancy does this to me without being on base lol
 
 my friends are all single non parents or live in the butt of nowhere
 
 sissy is smoking and dating my ex
 
 even if I were at moms right now
 
 id still be segregated
 
 and if you ever fully fledge go bi
 
 you always have someone at the house. ;) lmfao
 
 its not just you
 
 I nkow. I'm sorry. 
 
 im kinda segregated right now lol
 
 but the haiving someone else around
 
 who knows what an irritation you can be
 
 the kids can be etc. It be nice 
 
 see I really like that idea
 
 I have issues with you know the "parts" of it.
 
 and our commune church van. lmao
 
 it'll be even better when we get the house and have Katrina in the guest house
 
 you always have a friend and all the kids have a bunch of friends to run around with. :D hehe
 
 or go to the zoo
 
 or go to the park
 
 maybe less lonely when we have a car cause then I ican go bug people
 
 babysitter gets lonely
 
 oh... lol
 
 is true
 
 and I accept that im off too
 
 :P
 
 but I accept and embrace it. :)
 
 not naked time
 
 And by "mostly for you" which I just got btw
 
 I MEANT having someone else around
 
 youre weird
 
 Im normal
 
 uh uh
 
 haha weirdo. lol
 
 baby fucks my know up
 
 so maybe I ate too much
 
 I think I need to eat more but Im not hungry
 
 roflmao
 
 Im trying to figure out how to fix my tummy
 
 can you tell I'm bored..? I just messaged Renee. lol
 
 After they finish cleaning it up lol
 
 SMACK!
 
 our loving sons decided to take bites out of apples then spit the bites out all over my floor and couch
 
 :'(
 
 but but but but
 
 busy :P lol
 
 :(
 
 go get her now
 
 I want her back
 
 :( I miss my baby
 
 my babiy is on her way to my moms
 
 :P
 
 hmm no
 
 its the perfect cover
 
 but then everyone will think you are gay
 
 hmm no
 
 from the 90's
 
 in blue
 
 a girly mazda
 
 lol
 
 lol
 
 yay to buy a small car for you
 
 1700$ lol
 
 lol take the green car in this week for an inspection
 
 hopefully get like 3K for it. lol and then we have 2700$ extra
 
 it will be nice to not have to take multiple trips everywhere
 
 coolio Van for my babers
 
 I might be able to get the van for 1000 cash hopefully if the white van doesn't email me back
 
 I just emailed them again  saying I was looking to buy in the next couple weeks
 
 mainly for me? ;) hehehe  i like the way that might be starting to sound. lol
 
 She would have had to know before we did anything anyway
 
 I kinda do too
 
 mainly for you  but still :P
 
 yea. I hpoe it doesnt scare her off... lol
 
 better to know now then after we spend money
 
 mayb e she was busy
 
 its early in the morning
 
 or maybe she needed time to google
 
 yay automatic.
 
 and the van is an automatic. :) hehe
 
 lol
 
 ohh.. :'(    
 
 then logged off fb lol
 
 she said thx for telling me
 
 she txt you back?
 
 it was traumatizing for a pregnant woman
 
 about dead babies
 
 about my vagina
 
 cause I had nightmares last night
 
 what did you tell her?
 
 sooooo we shall see if thats a deal breaker for her
 
 the 92 ecoline van thats 1300$
 
 I dont know
 
 I told her this morning btw
 
 rofl
 
 hehe we already need a creepy church van for our 'family' prospects. lol
 
 it so ooks like kellys old handicapper van
 
 haha it has window treatments
 
 how else will I get the creepy singing cultists around?
 
 and my followers
 
 but I need a church van for my church
 
 :( fine
 
 its the 92 van
 
 lol
 
 So you be a parent
 
 then have lots of sex
 
 then repeat
 
 as seperate but equally important things
 
 and parenting
 
 My religion will be based on sex
 
 and they wont fn respond cause they suck
 
 They dont want calls
 
 text only
 
 nikkism
 
 you should call the churchy one
 
 Imma start my own religion
 
 based on their answer and the response.
 
 I want a churchy van
 
 hm I think its going to be the 92 van...
 
 I dont care
 
 &lt;3 u btw off topic I know
 
 but the 92' only has 7 seats.. 
 
 I want the white churchy van so lets go with that lol
 
 both are 1300$ 
 
 trying to figure out if its the 1992 Ford Ecoline
 
 or the White churchy van
 
 like it wont get more scratches with the kids
 
 but.. its 136000 and they said no issues just the body stuff (like scratches\n
 
 yay a van lol
 
 shes dumb and doesnt realize it I hate that
 
 not sure which one. lol
 
 I got an email about a van. 
 
 dont kill my porn model. ROFL
 
 meany
 
 haha
 
 it just seems wrong
 
 I dont want to take the kids along for that
 
 and who is going to babysit all the kids while me and tay and jack bury her?
 
 total headache
 
 taking care of her kids
 
 then I gotta deal with filing a missing persons report
 
 I would kill her in a week
 
  :P
 
 lol why not? :P
 
 and I dont have to give money to
 
 who I dont want to kill
 
 I can find people here
 
 uh uh
 
 haha kathy isnt an option
 
 just think
 
 it'll be her or katrina in the guest house prolly. haha
 
 :P lmfao
 
 :P
 
 hey....im nothing like that wench
 
 obviously she did that I just though it was funny you both dropped your phone in the toilet around the same times. LMFAO
 
 disassemble and put in a towel...duh
 
 rofl a towel
 
 Kathy Wilhelm\nSo yeah i just dropped my phone in the toilet and i dont have any rice. i took the battery out right away ugh just what i fucking need right now. anyone know what else i can put it in?\nLikeUnlike \xb7  \xb7 15 hours ago \xb7\n((((Sound Familiar? LMFAO))))
 
 wanna see something creepy...
 
 Maid not made lol
 
 Plus shed charge an arm and a leg
 
 Practical reasons plus bff as made
 
 me ocd if I think things are actually getting to be cleaned equals no more bff
 
 lol why no jackee maid?
 
 im thinking sammiches for lunch. Im lazy
 
 not so much lol
 
 and.. so she is going to be your nanny now? ROFL
 
 So since shes living with her parents she said fuck it
 
 cause her manager was a bitch and shes planning on starting school again in august
 
 so she had to make celebratory call
 
 lol
 
 why why
 
 why?
 
 she quit her job
 
 :P Jackee called
 
 :P :P
 
 :D thank you :D
 
 They arent texting back. :P
 
 pwease? :)
 
 suuuure. lol
 
 therefore I cant do cars
 
 nope
 
 I have a vagina
 
 liar. :P
 
 :D
 
 cant even change a tire or nothing
 
 imma girl remember
 
 i dont do cars
 
 i dont know how to phrase it
 
 if I get slaughtered imma haunt your ass
 
 pppppwease.....
 
 thats creepy
 
 just using the interwebs you can get someones postition down to 20 ft using their cells
 
 especially after I stalked that kid that stole mikeys phone last year. Its waaaaay to easy to do
 
 its the phone thing that scares me
 
 but that involves email
 
 I can email like nobodys business
 
 emailing the guy that said the car is worth more than the site said. lol
 
 Im being a growed up here. lol
 
 pwease
 
 craigslist killers
 
 lol but but but
 
 what if they are crazy people and they use my phone number to track me
 
 I dont wanna 
 
 I dont wanna be a growed up
 
 just text them asking mileage
 
 and if it runs well
 
 im tired of this multiple trip stuff and its gonna make me nuts switching out carseats with a newborn
 
 you have one on the computer. lol
 
 I just want a car I can fit all the kids in
 
 we shall see
 
 and if we can sell the Ford for like 3-4K then we can use that money to buy both cars. lol
 
 they are all money pits
 
 and I want it to be something that isn't a money pit
 
 I can't find cheap cars on line. Craigslist isnt' helping. lol
 
 lol
 
 we dont need a land yacht 
 
 hehe
 
 http://www.cactusauto.com/vehicles/18747-1993-Lincoln-Town-Car-Executive-Sedan-4D-White-Tucson-AZ-85705  
 
 I dont know
 
 which reminds me  I should radjust my info so that my relationship isnt invisible.
 
 it would have been awkward had you been talking about your pregnant gf with her. 
 
 and they dont really talk to eachother anyways. lol
 
 dont think I ever told Valery.. lol
 
 cause people creep me out
 
 hmm no clue..
 
 I have everything set to private friends only
 
 but thats all you see
 
 now my cover pic is soph
 
 yeah but until now you couldnt see anything until I uploaded to timeline
 
 no clue.. lol angie prolly clicked on the the 'in a relationship' and stalked you. lol
 
 if she doesnt know Im pregnant how does angie?
 
 and yes you told me you were dating someone
 
 no. lol I asked if I had told her i was dating someone and she said. why?....... lol
 
 and scare her
 
 haha
 
 you make a mention abstractedly?
 
 Mom knows we are dating.. she doesnt know you're pregnant. lol oops
 
 ohh.. i just figured something out. lol
 
 lol imma prolly go to lunch after the 1030 meeting since we have the 'team building' lol so I can use that as a 'i need to drop something off for the kids' 
 
 in you know two to three hours when you go on lunch
 
 that would be it
 
 soo
 
 diapers and dr pepper
 
 lol yup yup  
 
 so long as the diapers are in the front seat yeah. I found a couple more so I ishould make it through the day unless issues but if I dont have any extra then there will be issues
 
 that all I'm bringing home?
 
 ok sweetypie ;) haha.. mwah love you\nsoo.. Dr Pepper...okey dokey..
 
 If a car in Tucson says it was sitting for more than a month. Dont buy it. Ive grown up with cars sitting in the backyard. Packrats move in quick and do more damage then you think
 
 and the sun is evil.
 
 a big one
 
 dr pepper
 
 Youre gonna make me throw up
 
 what kind of soda deary.
 
 hunny sugar pie that I love soooo much :D
 
 you should bring soda for lunch too
 
 rofl I dont think Ive sent tht much. Well I guess that explains why you keep going on and offline
 
 lol
 
 chat is being funky here I just got all your messages from the like last 20 minutes that I missed. all at once. 
 
 Unfortunately I love you too
 
 tons (in big words) not toons like roger rabbit. :P ;) hehe
 
 love you TOOOOOONS!
 
 oh... imma do that on lunch toooo. :D\n
 
 :P
 
 or how youve been going to bring your laundry down stairs for a month
 
 lol
 
 like you have been going to dustpan up that pile for me since I cant bend for....two weeks now
 
 dont read into it
 
 we still gotta fix
 
 Mwah
 
 I will clean my side of the bed during lunch. :)
 
 lol prolly
 
 Bbilly says "Phillps side of bed filthy
 
 plus sauce
 
 sauce is live in the kitchen
 
 why it on table? It live in kitchen" I can only assume he means the pepper grinder
 
 oh almost forgot
 
 plus new tires from sitting too
 
 not worth it
 
 No
 
 Sitting in Tucson means that every single hose needs to be replaced
 
 if there were packrats that means large chunks of wiring clustered together where they made their nests. Feul pump
 
 possible new tank
 
 AC is going to be where at least one packrat made their nest which means if t does work it will smell like hamsters
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2788460595.html
 
 yeah
 
 you there?
 
 youll have no kids
 
 no responsibilities. Youll buy a bottle of something "just to have it" and it will be gone plus some when you leave
 
 and.. I wont be drinking as much as you think in Ks since Brandon doesnt drink that often anymore
 
 :P
 
 250 off the side of the road
 
 yeah
 
 a dinky little thing for you
 
 minivan would be better on the milage
 
 the sad thing is that we basically have to sell the green car.. to make it all happen. lol and get a little cheapy second car that I can drive to and from work. and bowling.. whatnot. lol
 
 We need a six seater full time after april\n
 
 it will kill our gas mileage lmao unless we get another car.. 
 
 a cars a car
 
 either way a car that can carry all the kids will still be necessary
 
 for trade it. if I can get about 3K trade in value I'll do it
 
 and we can look at the White van if you are ok with that
 
 CLEAN the car
 
 buy bailing wire
 
 CLEAN the car out
 
 except your gonna blow through all that money in like a week
 
 I emailed that person back to see what I had to do to get the car appraised
 
 especially if we could sell the car for like 3000-4000 dollars.
 
 if we could have like 1500 in the bank account that would be GREAT!
 
 :D wooooo!
 
 online. 
 
 I get my W-2's tomorrow
 
 for my license and a car
 
 So in theory I should be able to send my taxes in by saturday. More money $$$$
 
 ?
 
 since the comissioning program pays for college
 
 and technically so does the GI bill
 
 I remembered how to get my W2s offline.
 
 I just have to see if I can use it while on a comissioning program. lol
 
 it will pay BAH
 
 if I use my GI bill
 
 without bah how are you going to afford it?
 
 You cant afford the house if you arent in 
 
 and if I want to test I HAVE to pass my pt test.
 
 and technically I am still on average for the Air Force. lol the only weird thing is that I haven't tested yet. 
 
 :P
 
 yea
 
 most of your friends are army
 
 its possible that after we get the house (if we get it) that I do the programs that seperates me
 
 and I go to a college here to finish my degree
 
 Promotions are good
 
 especially because everyone asks how long youve been in then their eyes squint and they go thats as far as he got?
 
 I hope I get promoted this year. because it looks like getting comissioned is harder now. 
 
 I was just saying. lol
 
 Too much effort
 
 it will be fixed before then
 
 You know I wouldnt touch it. 
 
 Getting married doesnt fix that
 
 I learned that with the first one
 
 mwah love you
 
 talk about scared straight. ROFL
 
 and.. on a positive side (dont knowwhy I'm telling you)  once we get married
 
 you can take claim to my retirement if I cheat. lol
 
 just a little longer. 
 
 I know I say it all the time. but I dont care what it takes. I'm almost divorced...
 
 well this time it will change. 
 
 Im pathetic and I hate it
 
 Ive changed my status and made up my mind and I keep looking for excuses to stay. For reasons I cant leave and why we should get married anyway. I dont want to be that girl
 
 who keeps hanging on even when shes miserable hoping something will change. 
 
 my whole body when numb when you changed your status.. I can't do it
 
 I just cant'
 
 I can't keep doing this to you
 
 and I dont want to lose you. 
 
 It does fit
 
 I just have issues. and its issues that I have to work out anyways
 
 and I praise you for putting up with me
 
 and I will make it worth you stress headache and heartache. WE WILL figure it out
 
 and it will entail me changing. 
 
 Whatever
 
 its not like I dont stress you right back out. We just cant do it
 
 it doesnt fit. If you really want to we will sit down tonight after your done bowling and figure something out
 
 but as it is now
 
 we will just kill each other. \nyeah I need the blood work and glucose done. I figure you can drop me off there then take the kids to moms so you dont have to sit there for an hour. 
 
 and a stress test
 
 so you can slap me for stressing you out. :/
 
 you need the blood work
 
 and the glucose test
 
 no
 
 just the bloodwork because that NEEDS to be done. Im pretty sure if I go in without it next time Doc Mitchell might bitchslap me
 
 did you write it on the board?
 
 bloodwork
 
 pictures from sears
 
 go to moms
 
 pick up some groceries
 
 neices birthday party
 
 Saturday
 
 What needs/should be done
 
 That usually doesnt work out so well. There are exceptions but most people who dont have kids make crappy step parents. Look at my step dad
 
 he said look where that got him. lol cuz moms older.    the only difference is that he hadn't been married and had no kids when he got with her. lol
 
 you :P I was talking about you. :P
 
 what you dating an octagenarian now? You move fast
 
 Add in 500to 800 depending on how much you end up blowing through with your friends
 
 I dont know
 
 if your only paying for hotels during stop overs on the way. It should only take 1000.00 tops to get there and back
 
 My stepdad is making fun of me for being with an older woman. :P
 
 since I'm staying at brandons for most of it
 
 and possibly Kathy's for a night or two if brandon wants the house. ;) lol I have to help her clean to sleep on her couch though. lol
 
 soo.
 
 how much do you think i can get out of kansas and spend. at a minimum?
 
 Whatever
 
 keep it if you want Delete it if you want its your profile
 
 i guess you
 
 and people in England just make it more fun to be on. lol
 
 lol
 
 kinda boring actually
 
 i might delete cupid anyways.. its not as 'interesting' as I remember it. 
 
 You need to stop spending so much anyway
 
 and I repeat "I am not telling you to stop talking to anyone
 
 to delete any profiles
 
 to do anything that will require you to stop doing something you do on a regular basis. I dont think it will fix anything and I  dont want to hear you gripe about it making me feel guilty for the next eternity" you wanna fix this
 
 well talk about it later
 
 you giving everything up does NOT WORK.
 
 see if I can set a record for the least amount of money spent so we have some in savings. 
 
 and I'm going to see how little I can spend in Kansas. 
 
 oh btw 290$ available...
 
 the first thing I would like to do after getting divorced is get a joint account. :)  so you know I'm not going anywhere. and I hate you not having access to all of the money
 
 yes it is
 
 I am pretty sure. 
 
 and I wouldn't blame you. I would still have facebook at work to talk to them. and I talk to kyle and brandon on Xbox
 
 and you need to come home for lunch or something
 
 I have one diaper left and I think the bag is in the car
 
 No
 
 No
 
 No
 
 No. Then you would resent me
 
 blame me for removing your friends etc. The answer is no. and good
 
 cause otherwise they might not friggin tell us when kinder round up is because they are retarded
 
 and I'm just giong to stay off the computer. ok
 
 I hope that helps show that I want you. and that I am trying to change.. so no more MW or stuff like that. and I will try to remind you about elementary school
 
 btw you are a slob
 
 Also
 
 remind me I need to have mom swing by the elementary school and fill out a form for me 
 
 good it needs to be done. I dont care that no one knows
 
 I give you shit but I know the reasoning behind it. If that were my issue I would have said so.
 
 on a sidenote. I just sent the Elementary school superintendent an email asking how to get adam screened for school. since he will be too old for the cutoff for the free ones. 
 
 my boss
 
 brandon
 
 kyle
 
 my mother
 
 and my grandmother know about you
 
 and that the only reason I haven't told everyone is that I have to wait until I get divorced to be lound about it. I'll just stop using the computer. whatever it takes. 
 
 nikki.. \n
 
 your supposed to be at work and the kids need my attention
 
 ill talk to you when you get home
 
 please.. no.. its gone.. 
 
 were done phillip
 
 dont
 
 since july
 
 we discussed that
 
 and I have only logged onto it last night. I haven't other than that. so I'm just going to delete it again
 
 not shit you should be doing behind my back
 
 dont care
 
 I might have found someone in Tucson
 
 if you ever get up for it. just random.. I know.. 
 
 one
 
 I can't because I'm at work
 
 and two. by clicking the 'casual sex' part (bored me looking for threesomes. lol fantasy I know)   it marks you as 'available'
 
 check your ok cupid :D 
 
 what?
 
 You dont want an open relationship so instead you get dumped
 
 Says me
 
 because Im tired of you looking for strange ass behind my back. Of being paranoid
 
 of you saying you arent when you are etc etc etc. 
 
 says who?
 
 unless we are infront of my family
 
 me being your babysitter who lives with you
 
 fucks you occasionally and has no claims whatsoever on you
 
 and what is it?
 
 Is what it is
 
 aww. and the other thing?
 
 where we had Christmas
 
 the pastor
 
 Cheri my aunt
 
 cheris?
 
 what?
 
 Think real hard youll figure it out. BTW family dinner on Sunday its Cheris birthday
 
 :P
 
 ?
 
 guess mafia wars will have to live without you a little while longer
 
 dont seem like your coming home early to me lol
 
 be good baby :P
 
 fix it
 
 My belly is not happy
 
 Billy and Rene would be sitting on my lap refusing to move
 
 No
 
 my kids get whiny and clingy so I dont have to fight. Saundra has been sick all morning and fighting it so she could play
 
 Adam is pissed that throwing up and having a fever means he has to rest
 
 my kids dont really stay put. lol
 
 haha
 
 
 
 Adam still isnt happy about it and billy is just trying to figure out why he isnt getting medicine 
 
 No its really not
 
 I forced tylonol down her throat and once she got done hating me she seemed to feel better. They are all on the couch now watching a movie. We shall see once the tylonal kicks in how well she stays put lol
 
 thats not cool. lol
 
 Saundra woke up with a raging fever. We have officially made it all the way to 2 sick kiddos\n
 
 I swear I should never give kids tylonol. The minute their fevers go down they decide they arent sick anymore
 
 sure.....   i believe that one.
 
 Also
 
 I know I always change my mind by the time you get home but I soooo need to go to bed when you get home
 
 I said no. He really doesnt seem to get that today is him sleeping upstairs or hanging on the couch. 
 
 lol
 
 He woke up again and told me it was time to play
 
 im out\nAdam is uber pissed
 
 ??
 
 Ice
 
 told ya ugly lol
 
 NO it is fugly\n
 
 But its over &gt;&gt;&gt; there
 
 then get there. :P
 
 Not at comp lol
 
 http://arizona.freeautoshopper.com/cars-trucks/1992-minnie-van-xlt-on-gas-one-owner-low-miles.html ugly
 
 lol
 
 Adam woke up and was pissed I told him it was still nap time
 
 for five minutes untol he passed back out lol
 
 Probably good lol
 
 I think we are going to private sell lol
 
 trade in value of the car is 2500 lol
 
 I blame the government implants in your brains
 
 Le
 
 Not my fault you are all unstab
 
 No pod people are scary
 
 weirdo
 
 My doctor safe
 
 I go to my doctor
 
 Uh no
 
 They scare me
 
 She takes tricare and I aint dealing with two docs or pod people :P
 
 lol
 
 and you getting put on tricare might change your doctore as well
 
 except mine have free care on base
 
 Cause if were married I can get them in as siblings
 
 Make my life easier
 
 And if we get married the kids are all going to dr frisby 
 
 I am looking up the cars tradein value now. lol
 
 Cause I really need to have another car for dr appts etc at the very least. 
 
 Rofl yeah pretty mich. Id probably up yours with my liscense issues. Even if it isnt formoving violations it can still cause issues
 
 oh.. the car is worth 4700 :) lol
 
 so you on your plan me on mine (unless I can get it cheaper for 2 cars?
 
 Just state legal
 
 Basic nothing insurance
 
 I can get for sixty
 
 and we will also have to pay insurance on two. :P
 
 buy a nice van around 2-2.5K
 
 So theres two
 
 Then imma buy me a beater
 
 and if we sell it for 4K
 
 yup
 
 Yep
 
 and buy a car that fits all the kids
 
 since its work almost 5K
 
 gotta clean up and sell the car for like 4K when I get back. :)
 
 :P
 
 Roflmao I know brokidy broke. Thats one of the many reasons I no want
 
 so I have 3K to work with  on the trip and to pay bills... hmm.... not liking this. ....
 
 boooooo
 
 and I'm only getting like 8K back. lol
 
 2K for Marissa
 
 3K for my grandparents. lol
 
 this trip is going to cost SOOOOO much
 
 he's still sucking up
 
 but he 'tried'  
 
 granted....I paid for most of it. lol
 
 lol my stepdad took my to Dave n Busters when I was in town (adult arcade)
 
 :P so dmv court and your moms house :P
 
 Just no fun
 
 Thay would be good. 
 
 oh oh while I'm in KS i can go to the DMV and have them fix my damn 'expired tags' issue
 
 woohoo 21.5 hr drive in my future. :D  hehe
 
 Etc
 
 What doesnt work about that? Eat as much salad as you want
 
 less dressing
 
 eat fruit
 
 less chocolate
 
 Its all just portion sizes
 
 I do it my way :P
 
 hmm no
 
 Cause if you stick to it it works
 
 Onviously the people you know are stupid and didnt do it right
 
 And everyone I was in ww with
 
  And all my friends
 
 And my aunt when she follows it
 
 except me. 
 
 no one I know has had it work
 
 fuck weight watcher
 
 it doesnt work
 
 oh hell no
 
 ww?
 
 Lol
 
 You get a treat right after weigh in. just like ww :)
 
 Once a week
 
 And serving sizes
 
 haha
 
 cuz you wont let me relapse. :P
 
 Full of health foods 
 
 nope
 
 Imma put you on a real diet
 
 :P :P :P 
 
 Your a stupid head your gonna get ypurself sock
 
 You men are dense when it comes to diets. Men just stop eating
 
 women learn nutrition metabolism excersice science
 
 Uh huuuuuuh &lt;3
 
 I smartlike
 
 and i am still drinking orange juice so that will keep my metabolism up. haha
 
 and nuh uhhhh :P
 
 nuh uhhhh
 
 One if your gonna skip a meal health wise dinner should be what you skip. Skipping lunch or brealfast slows your metabolism. Two your full of poop and three uh uh its all for mafia wars
 
 See Smart me. :D
 
 so if I come home after lunch I'll only eat a little then eat dinner
 
 and eat a lot for dinner
 
 if I come home for lunch I eat a lot
 
 and cuz I wanna come home early
 
 NERD
 
 Roflmao
 
 you need ro come home early for mafia wars
 
 I wanna come home early. and I need to do something on Mafia Wars. lol hehe thus no lunch
 
 lol
 
 Just in case I forget by the time your home lol
 
 It looks more like a welt or a ginormous bite
 
 He says he fell down the stairs this morning but he hasnt
 
 ringworm?
 
 Oh btw adam has a weird as red mark on his back. Like a bruise but red. Idk wtf it is
 
 :P
 
 Lol
 
 I think your gonna file and have to go back in a month. I hope not but unless being the FON means no wait...
 
 I wonder if I know any judges... hmmm I should figure that out
 
 lol I can prolly find a judge somewhere lol
 
 They dont just get you in
 
 its first come first serve a month out
 
 No
 
 here they dont have space in the court
 
 it takes a month to get in because the judges are busy
 
 all I need is a judge to sign it. there is no waiting limitation anymore
 
 she was served over a month ago. lol
 
 :P
 
 from date of served. 
 
 Wouldnt happen here
 
 takes atleast a month.
 
 Fingers crossed
 
 and get a court date on like Monday
 
 I am hoping that I can get there
 
 file that thursday or Friday
 
 fingers crossed.. 
 
 I hope it doesnt take that long lol
 
 and the 10th is a friday so I dont go back to work until that next monday. ROFL
 
 covers you appointment
 
 and everything
 
 :D wooooo
 
 I just put in for leave from the 1st to the 10th. 
 
 lol 
 
 Id make your ass take me
 
 lol who would you go with? lol
 
 No fair we has no money
 
 I want 
 
 hehe underworld comes out in theater tomorrow. lol
 
 You have no idea &lt;3
 
 Imma prolly skip lunch and come home a little early.
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Adams out
 
 saundras semi conscious in her bed
 
 down to bubba who I dont think is going to pass out
 
 Adams out
 
 saundras semi conscious in her bed
 
 down to bubba who I dont think is going to pass out
 
 Saundra is yellow
 
 her eyea look sunk into her head and shes running around like a crazy person. You can watch it hit her
 
 she pauses
 
 forces it back then keeps going. Stubborn
 
 Uh huh unless you start puking its all on you
 
 nuh uhhh
 
 :P
 
 Billy is fine still
 
 saundras yellow again but she refuses to be sick. You should be all your fault
 
 i'm sorry deary
 
 Nope a real one I just started puking
 
 with a nerf gun :D
 
 kk
 
 Gonna shoot the babys k
 
 I feel like poop now
 
 damn kids
 
 I feel like poop now
 
 damn kids
 
 lol
 
 Shes more bipolar im more hormon aaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllll = the same thing in the end lol
 
 lol
 
 poor katey 
 
 wonder whats up today.. she's more sparadic than you. lol
 
 He looks so tortured
 
 my poor boy.
 
 lol  sorry buddy. HAHA
 
 We have been doing that all morning lol but billy and saundra are done so he thinks he should be too
 
 lol   movie time. lol
 
 If he werent still yellow I would let him up
 
 He doesnt like this lol
 
 He keeps looking at me going I feel better
 
 make his ass sleep it off
 
 well around bedtime there is melatonin
 
 along with tylonel or something.. 
 
 poor baby
 
 lol
 
 Adam is mad at me. I told him he has to take a nap or lay down on the couch. Hes pissed
 
 not so much witht he happy
 
 he threw up then sat there tryingto  throw up more cause it made him feel better while sitting at the table.
 
 I know but I forgot till he went to go throw up in it. Btw he totally does not get the whole throwing up thing
 
 well de def doesnt feel good
 
and you told me that already
 
 he is now curled on the couch with a bucket and a piece of bread. Btw down stairs bathroom is clogged
 
 Saundra is fine
 
 munching away
 
 BIlly if fine
 
 Adam took one look at his cereal he was pestering me for and blew chunks.
 
 Come home
 
 get ne
 
 take to moms
 
 swing by somewhere bring home food
 
 make shopping list and get geoceries before tomorrow morning as we need breakfasr foods
 
 sounds good to me
 
 Yeah apparently im no longer allowed to stret
 
h
 
 :D good. now never do that again. :P 
 
 Is better
 
 I popped it back.
 
 :P
 
 Gonna die
 
 Yeah not funny
 
 starving to death oh my god
 
 lol
 
 Oh and a biiiiiig gatorade
 
 Amd semen isnt a food group
 
 Nope cause im huuuuuuunnnnnnggggrrrrrrryyyyyy
 
 you didn't even laugh at my joke. :P
 
 Pleeeeeeaaaaasssseeeeee
 
 Pleeeeeeaaaaasssseeeeee
 
 haha funny
 
 I want large fry large coke whopper jr pepperoni pizza apple fritter crossaont pastry puff
 
 are you sure seymor is not a typo ;) hehe
 
 Im hingry
 
 starving
 
 feed me seymor
 
 Id be more freaked but my le gs arent numb and they still move just slowly and with weights attached
 
 lol 
 
 Thought I would warn you :D
 
 So hopefully ill ne better soon
 
 if not you have to help me get to the potty whem you get home
 
 lol
 
 Yeah not reLly pleasant. Im glad I dont have to pee yet
 
 umm.. weird.. 
 
 I dragged myself ba
 
k onto the couch so im good.
 
 You know how everything felt weird
 
 well I tried to fix it by stratching and I felt something pop and now my legs arent really working. Doesnt hurt
 
 isnt numb
 
 they juat arent really responding. So im stuck
 
 what?
 
 Soooo um funny story
 
 but it isnt working
 
 and I should be able to figure out what
 
 I feel like ther is something that will make this better
 
 I need something to eat/drink but I dont know what
 
 Love you too
 
 hmm no clue.. hmm Mwah love you
 
 I cant find anything except oanic atracks but this doesnt feel like a panic attack
 
 your sitting near me on the couch but I thought I would inform you when you get to work....&lt;3 you. 
 
 Seriously since whem do they not like pasta?
 
 Pains in my bum
 
 lol
 
 I love them too. Saundra is the only one eating and I made pa$ta
 
 lol but they love you :)
 
 These children will be the death of me I swear
 
 love you toooo :D
 
 &lt;3 you btw
 
 lol yup
 
 Did you see I found proof billy used to be tiny lol
 
 im sure you do lol
 
 I am pretty sure I have some somewhere on the computer at home of her in Ks with no hair
 
 sitting around on th ecouch pestering the boys
 
 shes my cuty toote
 
 roflmao
 
 told you she had longer hair before she lost it all. lol
 
 lol
 
 yeah
 
 I think its the same length now lol
 
 you get my comment I just put on her picture?
 
 s
 
 my baber
 
 is cutsy
 
 I sawed
 
 hehe put another one on there. lol
 
 lol babies\n
 
 sissy currently
 
 adam is a little taller than sissy there
 
 thats a cute pic\n
 
 lol there. \n
 
 oh wait
 
 one pic of adam and baby newborn saundra
 
 not in any of the pics I can see
 
 its her as a slut
 
 her as a mom to adam
 
 you
 
 adam and adam
 
 guess you can't see them. lol
 
 they are in there
 
 
 
 does she not have a daughter?
 
 where saundra
 
 I can go to hers but there are only pics of her and adam
 
 grr
 
 Imma have to save it to my desktop and upload it. lol 
 
 her privacy settings wont let me see it\n
 
 hehe
 
 nm I'm messaging it to you
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1199692105142&amp;set=a.1199690305097.2029591.1013719648&amp;type=3&amp;permPage=1
 
 ok type in Marissa Johnson and go to her page
 
 content is currently unavailable
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1199692105142&amp;set=a.1199690305097.2029591.1013719648&amp;type=3  hehe adam and Saundra
 
 :P
 
 Nno why would I have dork face
 
 lol 
 
 did you see Marissa's engagement ring?
 
 my last engagement ring was real but it was also as big as () &lt;that
 
 I dont own real jewelry
 
 I dont want real
 
 Ill be afraid Ill lose it
 
 :D
 
 maybe
 
 maybe
 
 and NO
 
 Please and thank you
 
 :P \n
 
 I want silver
 
 and gaudy and fake
 
 you can pick whatever kind you want for you fagula
 
 you can have gold
 
 
 
 I also want an onyx stone ring
 
 I like gold wedding bands for men. :)
 
 lol
 
 and clean my moms house
 
 okay
 
 so now all we need to do is file your tax returns
 
 :P
 
 ech gold icky looking
 
 hehe GOld it is
 
 ;) hahaha
 
 i likes silver hate gold
 
 I am assuming silver.  lol
 
 or ill pawn it
 
 I forgot... yellow to silver rings?
 
 and if you get around to buying me a ring it better not cost more then 100.00
 
 no spoiling
 
 we dont have money to waste
 
 for just me and billy. lol
 
 I should get at least 1500
 
 after I spoil you for being a perfect gf :D (to be fiancee
 
 whenever I get divorced and surprise you)
 
 well I mean we can always put some of my taxes towards whatever when I get them
 
 k
 
 and aside from the car and whatnot with taxes we can see what we can save out of it. 
 
 And if Im with mom all I need is grocerys for the kids
 
 money for emergencies (my own account should have nough) and then everything else can go with you.
 
 I need a book. lol (planner)
 
 if I leave the evening of the 1st I can get to Ks on the 2nd
 
 and hopefully file my papers that day
 
 depending on when I get there.. (fingers crossed)  I might have to file on the 3rd (friday) and I'll see if I can arranged the court appearance for Monday or Tuesday hopefully
 
 that way i aint broke
 
 so thatll be little money for me to hold over
 
 imma cancel my kelly payment next month
 
 kk time to put in for leave now. lol
 
 9:30 am. Saturday you gotta drop me at labcorp to get my blood drawed
 
 on the first?
 
 and i have my appt
 
 you know she will want circle K coffee. 
 
 or illbring mine
 
 ok
 
 I'll plan to leave on the night of the 1st after we go grocery shopping... 
 
 which will be cleaned
 
 so long as I use her coffee maker
 
 that is covered by food stamps
 
 and you know your mum is going to expect you have my card anyways. and will want coffee etc..
 
 :D love you too bozo
 
 Id rather you just go and get it done so I dont have to deal with worrying about you being gone or you being gone etc etc
 
 I know. I'm just saying
 
 that I love you
 
 and I dont want you without money
 
 so if something happens you will have my card. :)  
 
 so so long as there is enough for you to get it done
 
 just grocerys
 
 It isnt like I will really need money to stay at my moms
 
 and.... imma leave my ATM card with you :)  just in case. :D
 
 because we have bills to pay with the money I get paid on the first.. 
 
 I cant even leave until we get taxes back so even with all the planning it still depends on that...
 
 done
 
 I can stay with her
 
 Mom says we will figure it out
 
 mwah
 
 whatever company
 
 ;) hehe
 
 and I love you too but when did you change your name? :P
 
 pooooop
 
 have fun
 
 brb Imma goin to the potty
 
 misery loves company :*
 
 :P
 
 im a step away from saying you dont get liqour
 
 but I dont care
 
 which is mean
 
 and what your not getting is its really just you dont get fun if Im not having any.
 
 ahahaha
 
 :P thats a good thing
 
 then youd be a lesbian. ROFL
 
 no you dont
 
 cause you cant cause you arent a pregnant woman :P
 
 yep yep yep yep
 
 Imma think some more
 
 and I get it ok?
 
 you fuck up while your there
 
 and Im stuck at my moms
 
 you wont have a dick. Capice
 
 Figure your shit out and Ill inform mom Im staying with her for a week
 
 nope
 
 I loove you though
 
 I hate you
 
 instead im saying ill stay with my mother
 
 Trust me Im not fucking happy about it. What I really want is to tell you to shove it up your fucking ass that you arent going anywhere until I pop this kid out and that you can just suck it the fuck up because you did this to me and you can deal with the consequences
 
 ROFL
 
 lol I think that is the only time you will ever use that statement
 
 id be better off at moms
 
 yeah and leave for work/school everyday in an orange truck. And Id still be trapped
 
 she can only fit one in the truck  which means four trips if I want to go anywhere
 
 ur momma could stay on base. ROFL
 
 the downside
 
 my moms house is hell and I wont be able to escape 
 
 ill have "help" with the kids
 
 someone will be with me
 
 that way I wont be afraid of being trapped on base
 
 Mikey has no attention span. I know you do
 
 Im saying Ive gone through the list
 
 I know these people better then you do. I know how they will act
 
 what they will do and I know myself enough to know what will make me unstable. Im telling you the only option we have is I stay with mom for a week with the kids
 
 I am trying ok. I want to get fucking divorced.
 
 the only 'at house' people I can think of are Katey
 
 Lindsey
 
 and Mikey
 
 and we could pay them.. that might make mikey help... 
 
 if you go
 
 I have to stay with mom
 
 thats really the only answer
 
 it wont go well
 
 seriuosly
 
 ill be stuck on the pull out sofa with four kids
 
 and your mother will die
 
 and the kids will die
 
 and and and
 
 a slow and fucking painful death
 
 Which means you will die
 
 that leaves me staying with my mother for a week
 
 I dont want mother in law to jknow where you live
 
 or ex hubby
 
 I'm smart enough to not even bring up Jackie or taylor
 
 they are kinda useless in my book. lol 
 
 im out
 
 Taylor has school
 
 Jackee has work
 
 Cake has work and wife
 
 Mom cant stay here
 
 Mikey has school and is useless
 
 Katey is sick which equals two fucked up women stuck here
 
 lindsey is useless and comes with Nicholas
 
 Michelles a bitch
 
 cheri will be "unable to come cause shes tired" or whatever else
 
 I know
 
 Phillip I know
 
 but there isnt a fucking answer
 
 sghe wont leave her kids
 
 I am trying to think it through
 
 I really am. :P
 
 my point was
 
 if he watches her kiddos
 
 and she comes over to help you. I know he can take care of them (at least a lil bit) cuz he did the other day
 
 and they are hurting for money
 
 so pay her to say with you and help?
 
 you arent thinking any of these through
 
 your just pulling names out your ass
 
 I think so
 
 but Katey is sick too and has two kids of her own
 
 Katey's hubby is still unemployed isnt' he?
 
 I just dont see how this will work
 
 I honestly dont think I can do this. I cant. I know I cant. and trust me I dont like that about myself. I fucking hate it
 
 I dont want to be needy or clingy or emotional or hormonal or unstable. But I cant be alone for a week
 
 especially not alone With the kids. Ill lose it. 
 
 shed be surrounded by military men
 
 its not just you
 
 i'm not that 'big' ROFL
 
 rofl yeah right
 
 but I was out of town
 
 should put him at ease. lol
 
 it would be to prove a point to me an you
 
 he would because she would be on base
 
 according to your mum he doesnt come over that much anymore. lol
 
 No thank you
 
 that would make it worse
 
 with her making out on my couch all week
 
 and she would drive me up a wall because that means Nicholas would have to be here
 
 No
 
 she wouldnt
 
 that would probably be the  best help
 
 unless we can get Katey to come stay for a week. lmao
 
 Would lindsey stay there for a week with Kaylen if we paid her?  just curious.   
 
 I dont want to be stuck having a mental breakdown while watching four kids alone on base with no one to save me or them
 
 I just dont want to be screwed
 
 im not trying to be difficult
 
 love you too
 
 lindsey wont stay here for a week. Mikey isnt helpful
 
 its like adding another kid and there isnt room at moms 
 
 looooooove you :)
 
 I'm trying to think of ways to help do it
 
 but I dont see you wanting lindsey at the house to help
 
 or mikey
 
 or staying at your moms
 
 so I am trying to come up with solutions. 
 
 im hormonal and im stressed as it is by the time you get home every night. The thought of doing this alone
 
 even for a week is enough to give me nightmares
 
 I know you think I am making a bigger deal out of this then is needed but im fucking six and a half months pregnant
 
 her truck cant get me and the kids off base if we needed without four trips
 
 with four kids
 
 but im still stuck alone on base Phillip
 
 we do the big shopping on the 1st
 
 and that will cover the time I'm gone
 
 I'm sorry
 
 I am just trying to get it done
 
  and we can get your mum to help
 
 if we can figure out if her car will make it on base. she can get Rene
 
 
 
 = bad
 
 not to mention hormones + being alone+ bad
 
 etc etc
 
 how am I going to get groceries
 
 how am I going to deal with Rene
 
 Yeah I know
 
 you just arent thinking about this the way I am. Your thinking I get this done
 
 hang out with my friends
 
 awesomeness. Boo no money yay being finished. Im thinking
 
 I can barely make it through a day while hes at work. I wont be able to escape the house or the base at ALL while he is gone. What if I get sick
 
 what if something happens to him or the kids
 
 what if I have a panic attack or pass out
 
 and we have to see when we can get Katey out here to chill with you at the house. 
 
 and we have our thing with Katey and her hubby coming up
 
 dizzy etc.. and after you are all healed up 
 
 I figured you and katey
 
 or you and lindsey would attack pockets with avengence for free drinks since Lindsey will probably be single by then. lol
 
 rofl yeah that was 4 months ago
 
 I meant when you werent' :P
 
 :P
 
 im preggo I cant do shit
 
 I can barely walk
 
 im continually dizzy
 
 tell me again why I should leave the house
 
 i attempt to kick you out of the house with your friends. lol you are soo stuborn. :P :D
 
 I try and you know...
 
 that doesnt happen in real life
 
 yeah whatever
 
 sickness
 
 :)
 
 after da baby we will give you off time. :0
 
 stress
 
 panic attacks
 
 I want you to be aware of exactly how horrible this will be for me
 
 This isnt bitching about sex
 
 this is the complaining youll have fun while im miserable
 
 the band chick is going bowling with me
 
 WITH her husband. lol
 
 me and kathy are probably going to drink. and she's happily taken now. they worked it out. lol
 
 Ryon and brenton still dont talk to me
 
 kathy
 
 trailer park
 
 band
 
 kyle will drink anytime. 
 
 :P\n
 
 yeah and youve only talked everyone else there into going out with you 
 
 he's always late for work when I'm in town. lol
 
 Brandon said hims probably not drinking. lol
 
 you will have fun while I am tortured by small children
 
 I feel no pity
 
 etc etc
 
 haha
 
 yeah
 
 and getting drunk and haning out with your friends
 
 so there
 
 you dont get to have sex while im miserable
 
 Imma be grumpy and tired since I'm saving money by sleeping on a couch for most of it
 
 And its not just paranoia
 
 I love you too
 
 lol I love you miss paranoid
 
 and they ALL live there
 
 No
 
 I get to be paranoid about KS mr. But they are 100s of miles away
 
 I'm sorry you are paranoid
 
 but imma be sleeping ona couch for most of it. :P
 
 so if you fuck up its meaner
 
 because IM going to be at home
 
 with four kids
 
 miserable
 
 pregnant
 
 worried and paranoid
 
 and if you cheat on me there
 
 you die
 
 then I leave
 
 cause if I dont have a vehicle
 
 you no go
 
 figure it out babe
 
 soo  figuring out your mumma's car thing
 
 :P
 
 not the same as washing
 
 which means if anything you jumped in water
 
 your always red and flaky after a shower
 
 you so did not
 
 did too :P  I showered in Page or whatever that city is. lol
 
 :P\n
 
 You just want an excuse to wash it off
 
 did not
 
 helped me wake up to drive. lol so :P
 
 liar
 
 you didnt shower when you went to IDAHO
 
 I showered on the way back from dropping the kids off
 
 I do shower while drivng across country
 
 car driving is not conducive to me. :P
 
 (you cant see it but Im tapping my head to show where my big brain is)
 
 see genius
 
 and since you dont bathe it will be there when you get back
 
 Im serious about the sharpie though
 
 if you go to KS though you can get a birthcertificate
 
 lol
 
 wow
 
 they suck
 
 Hopefully not while your gone
 
 Called Erickson about Kindergarden round up
 
 they have no clue when it actually is going to be
 
 Well half a banana better then none
 
 Rofl
 
 
 
 SMACK!
 
 And feeding half to rene pain in my butt wont just eat 
 
 good
 
 Wellshes nawing on the nana
 
 no clue..
 
 Maybe. She seems fine
 
 except she wont eat anything. She didnt even finish breakfast. Im tempted to see if shell eat the last nana. She onlytook two bites of bread
 
 I think I might give her some  melatonin just so she gets some sleep
 
 I dont think shes in pain
 
 just nauseated or sour tummied
 
 too bad kiddo tylonel is recalled. dammit
 
 yup
 
 Shes all the wzy to the foot of the stairs
 
 I only know shes sick cause theres huge bags and shes only eaten two bites
 
 Have fun love
 
 well off to my meeting WOO!
 
 :D
 
 hehe
 
 Meza sorry hunny pie
 
 sugar bear ;)
 
 Dont push too hard haha
 
 just sympathize with my horrible afternoo.
 
 Roflmao yeah right lol. My poor babys need lovins
 
 meza sorrys ... i'll try to cut out a lil early
 
 I got princess owie tummy taking one bite
 
 crying
 
 clinging to me
 
 deciding shes fine
 
 moving away then repeating. Drama queen and baby bubba running around in circles beating the crap outta each other and Adam following behind bursting into tears every three seconds. Come home and save me lol
 
 my spoiled rotten babers
 
 hehe
 
 Ep and she just took a bite :D
 
 Not better all the way as shes stil staring at the food instead of eating
 
 lol hehe shes feeling better. lol
 
 She has now moved a whole three inches off my chest
 
 Shes scream wining in my ear
 
 Yay
 
 why not?
 
 wooo... lol i have 'team building' on Friday from 1-3pm
 
 My poor baby
 
 shes sitting on my lap
 
 whining holing a piece of bread and refusing to move. No more tv for me lol
 
 haha
 
 the boys just ran down stairs crying. They repeatedly bashed their heads into the matress
 
 imma cook her lol
 
 shell be okay
 
 she has her nikkikki
 
 she takes after me
 
 her cuz she's sick. you cuz she's gonna cook you
 
 lol poor babies.
 
 she definitely is sick
 
 shes wrapped in the fuzzy blanket
 
 refusing to take it off clinging to me like a monkey
 
 rofl she just ate it
 
 lol
 
 hehe you should give her a tums and a bottlecap
 
 shes just holding the tums lol
 
 and adam is fine
 
 but she barely ate them
 
 the only thing in common is fishsticks yesterday
 
 he seems fine
 
 so does billy and rene
 
 he was sick all day and she was over it by nap time
 
 hmm no clue
 
 Adam seems fine
 
 but she got over it quicker then he did last time
 
 guess they are still sick
 
 no clue
 
 I think so ill golook.  Last night was pasta
 
 this morning was cereal sge didnt eat lunch.
 
 we have tums dont we?
 
 prolly
 
 She wont let me put her down. I think her tummy hurts
 
 poor baby
 
 lol you made fun of my other one. :P
 
 you put your "sexy pic" for both profiles? lol
 
 she is not happy
 
 She had to have a bath
 
 it was evwen in her hair
 
 And saundra just woke up from her nap. She pood so bad her whole bed was soaked. 
 
 lol you think soo. lol she will be calling around 5pm tonight
 
 someone is having a bad day
 
 Then he burst into tears and started crying for mommy
 
 OMG
 
 Go upstairs?
 
 No
 
 no hitting
 
 what did I just say?
 
 no hitting
 
 what did I just say? \ntell billy sorry?
 
 &lt;3 c u n a bit
 
 ya.. I know. 
 
 i need a license
 
 we need a second car
 
 My mother needs a fn car
 
 and I'm thinking on the car part
 
 which will be around Adams B-day anyways
 
 like maybe a cinnamon roll or honey bun or chocolate donuts or something
 
 and I still plan on being divorced in time. if I miss a birthday or two in the process we will make it up with the party
 
 still craving pastries and icings and nummys
 
 something sugary 
 
 hehe
 
 :D
 
 YYYYYYYYYY
 
 do you want anything from the Commisary? imma grab a sub sammich
 
 Ill name SophIa Johnson
 
 but I will give you shit forever that you were married
 
 and you will hold that over my head just to taunt me
 
 I want to be divroced. :P and not to fight with you over Sophya being a deo or a johnson. :P
 
 i haven't
 
 Ive already given up on you being divorced in time
 
 fast
 
 trying to get everything done 
 
 Or get to the doctors as I have appt on the first
 
 Im thinking... :P :P :P
 
 or drop Rene off
 
 or grocerys
 
 or a way to get Rene
 
 that doesnt give me a car
 
 we can get Mikey a pass and he can stay with you. lol he never goes to school anywyas
 
 Thats still a big if. Its the ninth and we would still have to figure out what the hell to do about me
 
 Billy is on the 9th (ish) I think
 
 in time
 
 so if all goes well I would be back 
 
 if I go it would be the beginning of Feb. 
 
 no
 
 you cannot go to Kansas on their birthdays
 
 and if I miss Billy's actual day I dont want to celebrate on Adams actual day
 
 no clue... but I figured it would be easier to do both on the same day
 
 not nessasarily on the actual day sinc eI'll prolly have to go to Ks
 
 oh and we gotta start thinking about what we are doing for the boys birthdays
 
 :P
 
 which will more then likely require all the money we have
 
 I need to go to the court house this week and see
 
 workin on it. but Divorce will more than likely require going to Ks. 
 
 lol :P
 
 sure
 
 well after we pay bills
 
 get you divorced
 
 buy a crib
 
 buy a car and a house then we can talk
 
 I need a new computer. lol dont you agree?
 
 and they are all the pics of ne and bubba as newborn munchkins
 
 im not deleting until I get a usb to save them to and then can print them at walgreens and make an album and have them saved on the comp. Cause your computer is twitchy and god knows if mom will ever find the thing in that house
 
 dont delete your myspace. or.. email the pics to you as well. remmeber... my computer eats pictures. 
 
 I just downloaded my myspace pictures to my own little folder on your comp. I was going to delete my myspace when I remembered mom couldnt find the old harddrive. Now I have back up pics here
 
 roflmao
 
 undying love and affection
 
 be careful or Katey will come out. ;)
 
 :P
 
 btw your new profile pic makes you look 12
 
 I want it for my page
 
 I gotta get you to take a pic of one of the newer sonos when you get home and text it to me
 
 it will balance things out
 
 roflmao fine be that way
 
 now maybe I can keep some secrets from you
 
 I will never go to your page again. :P lol
 
 Im definitely bored I just switched to timeline
 
 We could get a fish and name it pb
 
 But I wanna puppy
 
 hha.. we have to move first :P
 
 named jelly
 
 and we will get him a kitty
 
 and he shall be my puppy
 
 I want a wrinkly brown loaf puppy and we shall name him bread
 
 hahahaha
 
 yes! is on my profile
 
 you look at the picture?
 
 I WANT A PUPPY!!!
 
 I should probbly switch to iced coffee
 
 my coffee feels lukewarm and I just poured it
 
 I definitely have a fever. 
 
 Rofl eventually ill move
 
 I already know youare going to share it on your profile
 
 you want to be for this picture. lol
 
 Not on computer dorkfacr
 
 hehe
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=230135393729059&amp;set=a.194651810610751.47057.194650670610865&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 Uh hih lol
 
 you wanna be a gnome. :P
 
 christmas GNOMES!
 
 I like bith but I was thinking santa ones lol watching bones christmas episode
 
 you know 'real' ones. not santa ones. :P
 
 lol and you are telling me? lol the guy who loves elves. lol
 
 I dont know
 
 I thinlk it would be cool
 
 y?
 
 lmao
 
 I wanna be an elf
 
 Roflmao
 
 :D hehe
 
 tell em if they dont suck the glares back up imma come home and put them all in the corner
 
 with a beating for everytile I have to walk over to get to them
 
 lol
 
 Haha they dont wanna do anything but glare at me for saying mo
 
 but I dont wannnnnnnaaaaaa
 
 It was horrendous like
 
 lol
 
 Poor baby. Ive banished the children to the other side of the mat
 
 lol I have blueberry tea andI forgot my caffeine pills in my car..... :'(
 
 Mmmm coffee godness
 
 My head is pounding
 
 imma go make coffee
 
 haha
 
 I love my kids lol
 
 wow
 
 and its only 9:30
 
 bumper cars
 
 ran over saundra
 
 fighting over blocks
 
 throwing
 
 sliding across room
 
 beat the shit out of billy with a pillow case
 
 No Bikes
 
 No blocks and Adam cant go upstairs
 
 wat now?
 
 Imma lose my mind. Adam and Billy are going to be the death of me I swear
 
  lol
 
 aww :'( kk
 
 They are done they were only good through the 13
 
 but the drawing for today prolly wont happen till tonight
 
 17th
 
 whats today?
 
 or do we still have one drawing on one of them
 
 I think so
 
 yeah
 
 are all of them done?
 
 found them and nope
 
 we are not winners
 
 lol
 
 above the computer monitor in the little rules booklet
 
 nvm found them
 
 where are they?\n\\
 
 you should check the powerball tickets. lol
 
 hmm I want sushi...
 
 Sushi good like sushi
 
 hmm I want sushi
 
 lol silly computer
 
 I dont know I havent looked at\tthe computer
 
 I keep popping up and going away from chat. 
 
 am I still logged on? lol
 
 Yeah screwes I told you
 

 
 and the Cox is 120
 
 but I haven't seen what we owe on Car Insurance
 
 410 available. 
 
 lol
 
 I Hate this
 
 the children are now bickering over fake food. Evilbastards
 
 Im literally sweating. I think well need more ice. I know
 
 we has no moneys. 
 
 and like 90$ car insurance.
 
 120$ Cox
 
 prolly like 40$ to VS
 
 Okie dokie
 
 106$ due to STAR card by the 14th Febuary
 
 kk Mwah love you
 
 get some rest 
 
 I'll deal with them when I get home
 
 cant control kids
 
 they are upstairs
 
 im not moving
 
 cant move. Eating might not have been such a good idea. I know you have no real control but please come home as soon as you can
 
 good fix fix
 
 mwah love you ttyl
 
 &lt;#
 
 gtg phone dead
 
 getting shakey from blood sugar so attempting to fix that
 
 Not really
 
 tryingt o eat. 
 
 feelin any better?
 
 So before 5 yeah that helps. I know lyou cant really do an ything righ tnow
 
  i wish i wasnt no based
 
 I'm sorry hun. I will be home a little early..
 
 Coufg tgen cabt vreathe
 
 geart races
 
 head pounding not good
 
 trying calm heart lsying on left. Not good
 
 niy good
 
 whats up?
 
 od
 
 Not good not good no2
 
 &lt;(")
 
 lol mwah luv ya deary 
 
 Its not like im doing this on purpose
 
 the kids had to eat and I had to pee. I havent really moved otherwise
 
 as it is im thirsty but the kitchens too far waya from lly he couch. And the more I drink then ill have to pee. The minute my phone dies im incommunicado because the computer is all the way over there.....
 
 grr... Mwah love you
 
 no more head banging. :P
 
 Dizzy
 
 fell into counter while making lunch
 
 door when I had to go potty
 
 how?
 
 Yes because that works. Id put her to bed but ive already cracked my head twice so fuck stairs
 
 the put her down
 
 and tell her no.. if she wont sit still
 
 Except shes climbing on me and it hurts
 
 she make you feel better.. duh ;)
 
 What is it bout saundra the more I feel like crap
 
 the more she wants to snuggle me
 
 Did and am and am
 
 gonna puke. When you get home we call doctor. This not ok
 
 let the kids trash the house if they aren't listening
 
 drink water. and dont move. 
 
 Not good
 
 not good
 
 Im mostly freaking out cause of google
 
 stomach pain + dizzy + heart going cuckoo = bad 
 
 you may just be getting more and more sensitive. and on top o fnot feeling good
 
 there isnt really much difference caffienewise there
 
 I had a whole dr pepper last night and was fine. This was a half a cup of coffee
 
 sounds like we are going to lower our caffeine. since you apparently are getting sensitive to it now
 
 Im  gettibg worried. I know you cant do anything about it right now
 
 but I wanted to share. I drank half a cup of coffee now the world is spinning and my heart feels like its beating out of my chest. Its scaring the fuck outta me
 
 haha as soon as you get your W2 lol
 
 hmm.... is it tax return time yet? ROFL\n
 
 we have 0
 
 bowling..
 
 rofl
 
 we have 20 lol
 
 gas..
 
 yay we have 50 dollars lol
 
 so like 250$ minimum
 
 Star card
 
 VS
 
 (not paying Marissa's grandma this month
 
 already emailed her about it) Car insurance
 
 and Cox
 
 weve been broke lol
 
 300 positive
 
 lol we be broke
 
 Hell when I was in the apartment making 800 a month and rent was 750 she was still doing it
 
 Nope
 
 it doesnt work that way.
 
 we just as broke rofl but shell never get that through her head
 
 which hopefully means she wont be trying to borrow money/hinting how broke she is for a while
 
 haha
 
 Rob tried to act like he hasnt been working again
 
 but he forgot that he has his paycheck set up for partial direct deposit into moms account. So she got paid today
 
 which means he has been working since end of December lol. 
 
 i may never move again
 
 uh uh
 
 Im not moving much today
 
 lol I'm glad. lol
 
 fetal position is goooood
 
 okey doeky :)
 
 I got bickering boys and saundra pretending to be a ghost and pork chops in the oven because I ve reached a whole nother level of lazy. see you in a bit :D\n
 
 lol
 
 thats usually how it works
 
 Im over it already
 
 ?
 
 gettn ready to leave... so you want a soda... what kind
 
 lol I know deary. Mwah
 
 Okie
 
 well we will be hete
 
 lol I know.. working on a couple things. lol
 
 Thats not giod
 
 not sure lol
 
 Headed soon?
 
 Os blast like
 
 fun fun fun... mwah
 
 Im laying on vouch
 
 kids watchinv tv
 
 The living room just vibrated and bangedhe totally just threw her into a.wall
 
 Saundra feels so much better. Shes running into the room kissing me with big muah smacking kisses then running away again
 
 love you too
 
 I love you
 
 poor babers
 
 yup
 
 Im not waking him up
 
 one less kid lol. Saundras getting tylonol for her fever. I just thoight
 
 teething can cause diahrea and fevers thats probably why hes so bad. Its one ontop of the othrt
 
 he'll be better by tomorrow if you leave him alone. lol
 
 Order of sickness billy at the bottom with crankiness and little tummy hurt
 
 second saundra with bad tummy and butt
 
 third adam who is impossibly yucky and still asleep
 
 Lol
 
 hmm.. how to make her move. and take a nap. lol
 
 She isnt really moving
 
 shell kick me then go right back
 
 hmm... not sure what to take to calm her down...
 
 yeah my stomach is killing me\n
 
 baby beating yo uup again&gt;?
 
 owies?
 
 a little
 
 mostly just emotionally exhausted and full of owies\n
 
 you tired?
 
 Cant waiy for you to be home
 
 lol
 
 You should get me a pop on the way home. \n
 
 Roflmao then get the catd when you come home
 
 no mula... you have card... lol    
 
 Get caffiene then hon
 
 OUWCHIES!
 
 nnnnneeeeeeeed caffeine.
 
 Oky doky
 
 something got cancelled so Sgt Littleton went to it
 
 and I went to the 1030 meet
 
 No I think theres a ginsing energy pack up by the spices. I thought you had a meeting today like eleven to twelve thirty
 
 I'll leave for lunch in a bit.. do we have any caffeine pills at the house?
 
 I want all better
 
 &lt;3 :'(
 
 lol
 
 sneaky fuckers
 
 yeah I heard this weird noise at the front door and looked out and theres two men on the porch trimming the roses
 
 they came back they drove around when I was leaving but left. lol so I didn't text you
 
 lol
 
 the garrdeners always scare me
 
 ill probably curl up on the couch
 
 I wont move though
 
 but you need rest and I hwill take care of the kids. 
 
 I dont want to
 
 im tired but I dont want to go to bed alone
 
 soo you are going to bed when i get home. RIGHT?
 
 Im just soooooo done
 
 lol
 
 This sucks like a monkey full of bullshit
 
 that would probably put me into a coma
 
 true true... 
 
 because mental issues dont work that way. Otherwise Id just be able to tell you to delete everything on your computer and "get over it"
 
 y not?? :P :P :P
 
 Yeah that doesnt work
 
 haha I win
 
 well I'll fix it. if you DONT rest I will yell. :P
 
 Especially when im only at home with the kids
 
 I know that but its in my brain
 
 likr flinching when you yell. Its programed and it doesnt go away just because I know it isnt true
 
 I'm not mexican. take a break
 
 And the boys arent listenjng at all and I just ive hit my limit. It snick up on me and im over my limit I just wanna take a break. 
 
 Stress too
 
 I was trained by a mexican husbamd remember. Im not doing what needs to be do ne which means im liable to be replaced with someone who can and im sick and tired and I just want to curl up and be held and I want to be all better and it sucks
 
 why/ just hormones?
 
 If I take a break I wont get up again. oh and so your warned
 
 ive been crying the past hour
 
 dont see that ending anytime soon.
 
 Mwah lov eyou
 
 take a break
 
 did the dishes
 
 swept and spot mopped the kitchen and dining room
 
 the house still looks like a pit. 
 
 Ive seperated the boys. Billy os playing look waht toy I have and adam is playing poke billy till he cries. Imma shoot them k
 
 I dont want to go to bed alone though. So im not gonna
 
 Yep
 
 guess I'm just weird. lol
 
 A lot of men are weird about condoms. Either requiring them everytime or refusing to wear them ar all. 
 
 how stupid can he be?
 
 like 10 months no sex
 
 or... sex whenever you want it with a condom.?
 
 Not surprising lots of men are that way
 
 but... her husband would rather not have sex
 
 then wear a condom... wtf?
 
 but... she can still have sex..
 
 Suvkage
 
 no standing for more than 30 minutes and no sperm anywhere near her cervix
 
 she has placenta premia. 
 
 anyways.. she was the one put on bedrest. 
 
 not carra
 
 the one in kansas
 
 Yeah not nickycarra but the other one?
 
 hey you know nycki..? the pregnant on in Kansas that was going to move down to be my maid?
 
 grr
 
 I love you too and no your not :P
 
 Mwah love you and im doing it tongiht. so :P
 
 Sorry
 
 im cranky and the kids are sick and this would be fucking hard for me without the hormones. I dislike feeling incapablr
 
 You arent nike and its my fucking job not yours so fuck off
 
 just do it
 
 Youlack the abilities required :P
 
 I will get done what I can. and you will go to bed. 
 
 write on board.
 
 Yeah whatever you cant do it. Ignoring the bedrooms there is the hallway
 
 staircase
 
 computer desk
 
 coubters
 
 stove
 
 dishes
 
 table
 
 sweep and mop
 
 and sweep up the pile in the laundry room.
 
 this wasn't an option
 
 :P
 
 No. is my job not your job and you auck at cleanin anyways
 
 and I'll go run after the kids are asleep
 
 just make a list
 
 and I'll do what I can. and when I get home you go to bed. 
 
 Theres no way you could do all that needs to be done.
 
 Mwah I love you... make me a list of clean tonight
 
 No cause the house is a mess and the babies are sick and im sick and preggo and I cant do it and I feel very very  incapable and useless and not measuring up and its making me crazy and I want to fix it by cleaning the house but it doesnt work cause Im dizzy and afraid ill fall and tgis sucks and damnit I hate this
 
 Mwah love you :)
 
 Im gonna go curl up on the couch like an invalid until the next explosion forces me to bleach
 
 clean and stoop 
 
 UH no
 
 and we can move Katrina down to clean. then you two pregos can just gang up on me. :P
 
 I ate some and I'm fine
 
 need MAID
 
 MAID
 
 I dont know
 
 I think the fish sticks
 
 imma say either your mums... or the tartar sauce
 
 we are getting someone to come over and clean. I dont have the energy
 
 you dont clean
 
 this house looks like HELL and there isnt a damn thing I can do about it because either me or the kids are always sick. Grrrrrrrrr MAID
 
 Both Adam and Saundra have severe diarrhea. Adam burst into tears because he ran to the bathroom and couldnt make it. Saundra's bed looks like some kind of explosion happened. Billy appears to be unnaffected so far
 
 Mwah love you 
 
 But as always the universe intervenes
 
 You know power through all the side effects and ilness and just clean because the house is giving me literal nightmares
 
 So I was gonna clean today
 
 Oooorrrraaaannnnggggggeeeeessss i will love you too
 
 Oranges!!!!
 
 I love tou too :P 
 
 I need oranges
 
 love you :P 
 
 everywhere is out. :P 
 
 I want oranges
 
 &lt;3
 
 I kniw
 
 yup but I just need put in a maintenance request...
 
 Possibly
 
 we still will have to get tgat sink fixed too
 
 the only thing I think we will need to do i have to go to the selfhelp store on base to see if I can get them for free (the parts)
 
 Thats cool. But I could bring my friends/family over do repairs.ca n a bleach for feee
 
 (doesnt count painting
 
 or repairs.)
 
 oh.. and I can hire someone to clean the house after we get all the furniture out for like 250-300$ up to military inspection
 
 Yay realtors
 
 woo
 
 put the email in to the realtors again.. 
 
 Mwah... sorry    :)  just think... you get to go to the doc's today. :) 
 
 So tired
 
 Gonna lose my brain it might be gone. Working on losing my voice
 
 not sure if because of icky or because I keep growling at children
 
 :P :P :P :P &lt;(")
 
 Now?
 
 How bout now?
 
 So you home now?
 
 :) oki
 
 i can probably grab oreos
 
 on my way home. :)
 
 &lt;3 &lt;3 huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrryyyyyyyy lol
 
 And im always nice :P
 
 Yeah but we nees more then just oreoes
 
 oreos
 
 oranges
 
 bucket of yogurt
 
 hotdogs
 
 creamcheese
 
 cereal and dishwasher detergent and soda
 
 caffinated soda I cave
 
 if you are nice to me. :P
 
 i can get some.... :)
 
 i have your foodstamp card. :P
 
 All your faukt
 
 nope :P
 
 Bastard I want oreos
 
 Causse you ate tgem all thats why
 
 i dont know. lol why are we out of oreos? :P
 
 Why aee we out of oreos? I want oreos
 
 :P
 
 Your almost done right? Statistically even if today is a slow day you should be done with work and in the driveway in a maximum of 2 hrs and 20 minutes 
 
 lol
 
 im a living comfort doll. i have daddys sweater on so I smell like you. Im a weird combo of daddy and nikki
 
 she wont let go
 
 tylonel and beddy time
 
 lol
 
 poor my ears
 
 poor baby...
 
 saundra
 
 saundra or lindsey
 
 sissys sick
 
 I thought it would make you feel special lol
 
 HAHA I win
 
 The icky/you won. I took tylonol. Rene touched me and went "god mom your hot" which I ignored
 
 then billy told me I burned him owie
 
 doesnt mean you cant tell them they are poop heads. 
 
 lol when I get my Pell Grant I will use it at Pima. lol
 
 well
 
 you will do what you gotta do because you gotta do it but while you are doing what you gotta do you should tell pima they are poop heads
 
 so I might go to a Management class with DeVry
 
 they suck
 
 and an email
 
 they have a phone
 
 roflmao buttfaces
 
 \\asshols
 
 apparently I was on leave too long ... and didn't get them paperwork they wanted in time. 
 
 Uh why?
 
 Pima cancelled my registration. lol
 
 &lt;3 :P
 
 :P
 
 ROFL
 
 i sorry
 
 I really dont want to torture you I promise. But theres two of me and one of you so therefore we win lol
 
 :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P
 
 you want exercise theres exercise :P
 
 no. It still drives
 
 she just isnt sure its gonna make it that far. Shes fine with testing its limits but I feel like crap and I really dont wanna be stuck on the side of the road all day while your at work cause it broke down. Well
 
 shes gonna get her mountain bike situated so if you decide you want to take it it will be ready
 
 can I crush that damn el camino wannabe
 
 but I think I might just walk anyways.. I dont fucking know
 
 probably a mountain bike ifyou have it...
 
 you want just a regular road bike?
 
 or a mountain bike?
 
 yes we has helmets nad we have a couple mountain bikes and a road bike I think I dont know
 
 we have like fity million bikes
 
 what bikes do you have and do you have a helmet at the house. kinda required on base
 
 walking just seems difficultish I dont want you to be stuck
 
 Id skip the appt but I missed the last one and Im fucking sick. We have regular bikes too and you dont have to use the electricity
 
 How about.... no electric bike
 
 I hate those things...  and she just drops me off at the gate. and I meet you guys at the gate after I get off work
 
 sometime..
 
 grrrrr
 
 So I guess moms truck is currently without a water pump which means that it wont take me to my appt. So can you take moms electric bike to work tomorrow and then we can take the car? We could even have mom drop you off at the gate so you dont have to ride so far.
 
 Love you too
 
 mwah love ya
 
 :P
 
 But its icky. And ive baen trying it wont syay in my belly. I even made me ehgs and rverythin
 
 speaking of which
 
 put that on the list..
 
 the fusion isn't as good for you as the real V8  
 
 :P
 
 if you drink the fusion
 
 you need to eat something else too. 
 
 not that fusion. but real v8 maybe... 
 
 Do you think gagging down v8 would sortof count as breakfast?
 
 mwah's 
 
 &lt;3
 
 Its only 10 :'(
 
 :D seee ims smartlike
 
 Actually yes
 
 I did situps and pushups last night in between MW games. (while I was in the lobby) ;) smart huh...
 
 kk... not sure if I was going to run or lift... 
 
 I guess unless I go to sleep earlt. I usually feel good after luke two hrs of sleep
 
 just curious
 
 Meany beating up the sick preggo babysitter
 
 so that means I'm working out at the house after the kids go to bed then?
 
 hehe.. smack. :P  jk jk
 
 I knkw thats why im giving you permission to be mean
 
 i try
 
 and you tell me to shove it. :P
 
 Ok
 
 two things
 
 remind me to eat and force me to sleep.  I have been trying to eat semi regularly but it hasnt worked so far really and im so tired I could pass out now but im sure ill have had a se choo nd wind before your home so force me to sleep anyway
 
 lol
 
 Soph has been pissed at me all morning. At least I know she isnt sick lol
 
 kk
 
 Remind me to go to bed when you get hime. I convince myself I dint need to but I feel horribkeness
 
 Yeppers. Newborn until like six months dorkface. 
 
 and the baby will be a couple months old. :P so :P
 
 gotta pay Marissa's grandma
 
 VS
 
 STAR
 
 Eh I dont care about broke
 
 I know
 
 forget the newborn baby its the bowling you cant live without. Youre horrible babe lol
 
 we get paid in three days.. and then we are  broke again
 
 lol its 2 months for like 5 grand if I dont spend any money.. but I can't miss bowling.. I can't make myself do it
 
 Lol I think its flu which means theyd give me an antiviral which im already on lol. Well
 
 if you could get over missing vegas and I had a license/got to keep the car/we are married id let you lol. But I might go crazy
 
 Found out that I can deploy for 2 months... in June and July BOOOOO!   soo NOT doing that. lol
 
 hopefully they give you something.. 
 
 lol
 
 Aube the doc can fix me tomorrow lol I doubt she can but I can be delusional right lol
 
 mwah
 
 meza sorry
 
 I need to curl up in the bed and go to sleep so bad. This sucks mucho grande
 
 cause they dont have the big bags at safeway
 
 uh uh it was cereal too I remember that now
 
 :P that was only Oranges...
 
 im writing the list on the thing
 
 im trying to remember what we needed. your apposed to be helping me remember what we decided to buy at the stupid place instead of the safeway
 
 okey dokey
 
 dishwasher soap
 
 Oranges
 
 yogurt for kids
 
 thermos for you
 
 and there was something else that needed to go on the list
 
 lmao
 
 I dont know
 
 it seemed better then typing "hey guess what
 
 i might vomit or pass out but could you please fuck me first?"
 
 ?
 
 nakedness
 
 I have  amental image of those fccor whatever people barging on base brandishing badges. Okay so it wouldnt be funny if it happened to you but if it happened to someone else it would be friggin hillarious to watch
 
 roflmao probably for the best
 
 well not in this house
 
 so no more Bitcomet for me. lol 
 
 well bastards
 
 lol not cox... a tracker was put on the that season
 
 and apparently when I had it on last night it pinged the tracking company and they took notice. 
 
 cox is watching me? thats disturbing
 
 thats a little creepy
 
 so someone downloaded skins and threw a fit?
 
 I got an email from Cox... lol  so I'm going to just not use Bitcomet anymore here since its being monitored... BOOOO!
 
 Title: Skins\nInfringement Source: BitTorrent\nInitial Infringement Timestamp: 2012-01-10 06:21:45\nRecent Infringement Timestamp: 2012-01-10 06:21:45\nInfringing filename: Skins season 4\n
 
 I dont know baby
 
 I got flagged for copyright infringment.. WTF!
 
 ok
 
 I did the taskmanager thing
 
 make sure that Bitcomet is all the way off... 
 
 okay off and yeah netflix is on
 
 and have you watched any videos today?
 
 lol hey turn off Bitcomet
 
 my food looks good
 
 smells good
 
 but the whole eating part is an issue
 
 rofl not the point
 
 It was on the history
 
 so there. I should stop checking the history but its become a habit.
 
 I hadn't even finished setting it up. since my last one was DELETED so I had to pick a different username...
 
 So there butt face
 
 dude your upposed to tell me when you renew your cupid so I dont get awkwardly suspicious of something I told you you could do for no reason other then I am pumped full of hormones :P
 
 Imma padd\nImma padsoutoncouch. Adams and saundra napping in room billy and rene sleepingon couch with me. Kidscantbeleftinsameroom
 
sonthearfromme on a couolehourscomehomekau? Love
 
 Being the
 
laundry downstairs tonight. I got the socks I could find
 
 :P butthead.
 
 ROFL
 
 who is yoy
 
 :P
 
 One yoy still have half a drawer full of socks
 
 two they are more likely to get washed if they make it into the laundry room
 
 This is not good
 
 Its only 10 am
 
 okey dokey
 
 Wed morning you gotta drop me and the kids off at moms for my appt.
 
 kk
 
 Imma leave the special ed page up because no matter which school you send him to your going to want to get him an IEP. I'm  gonna try and get Mike to agree to send Rene to Erickson since its the most easily accessible for right now. 
 
 lol  :P
 
 If I marry you Rene is transfering to Boreman. Their stats are higher then anything else in this neighborhood. Not overly surprising but still.
 
 Ill check TUSD while im on the site and see what I can find. Boreman is tusd so it should be on there too
 
 and the Vista programs
 
 and I dont know for adam I have to look at the special ed programs
 
 ok ok ok :P\njust thinking about ways to make money
 
 and it damn well had better be after april
 
 trying to figure out elementary school choices before I talk to mike. Are you going to send adam to boreman or off base? Id better have a license and we had better be married. I aint living with my mom for two months
 
 I could make like $5
 
000
 
 so what would you say if I deployed/tdy'd for 2 months. lol
 
 dont worry
 
 Izza beat'em whenI get home. :)
 
 The boys are making me nuts. Billy is being out right oppositional
 
 screaming no and he is getting in trouble for it. Adam is making me crazier though
 
 he is crying and whining and moving at the speed of molasses when I tell him to do something and outright ignoring me the rest of the time. Im about to pull my hair out or banish him to his room. Billys just gonna have a red ass
 
 Adam isnt going to be touched by me today because quite frankly at this point I dont trust myself 
 
 I always forget about them till I see them on tv again
 
 which is why everyuone wants them
 
 so did marissa
 
 they are damn near impossible to find
 
 I want lace up high top conversea that go up above my knees. You should work om that
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk
 
 Lol you dork face. Im going to bed tonight as soon as you get home
 
 love yoy too.... Who's yoy again? ;)
 
 Love yoy
 
 Adam ate so much chocolate cereal he came in and told me his stomach hurt half in tears and then tried to get me to get him more cereal. 
 
 I have aleve in my purse so that works. 
 
 and my whole botle in my car has to go as well from bowling. :'(
 
 Okay
 
 I think theres only like two in there but okay
 
 Just got recalled
 
 if the expiration date is between 2012 and 2014
 
 hey
 
 the Excedrin has to be thrown out. 
 
 :P
 
 ooh and we could call her a slut and a whore and treat her like dirt while I made her eat me out and you fucked her from behind. Holy mother of god I have issues.
 
 your not all hot and bothered
 
 yeah you think its funny
 
 HAHAHA
 
 need to breath
 
 IM stopping now
 
 flirting with her from across the room 
 
 pointing out one then the other while my hand travels farther up your thigh
 
 looking at all the girls like slabs of meat
 
 Im seriously getting off more on the though of getting slutted up and going out to a bar with you all horny as shit to look for a slut.
 
 I can get my way now... n;ow just to make you sign a contract. ;)
 
 hehehehe
 
 my perception is skewed by the fact I need some ass
 
 Im horny
 
 thats why I had to throw the maybe in
 
 hehe
 
 Thought I wasn't getting one if you werent? :P
 
 haha
 
 Seriously though
 
 if you want a threesome maybe after the baby is born and I get back in shape we can go trolling for a slut of our own
 
 lol LMFAO
 
 uh have you SEEEN her husband? NO THANKYOU
 
 he can have you
 
 and I'll take her. HEHE
 
 haha
 
 we can shop for one like we are at a grocery store. Rofl I really dont think her hubby would like that
 
 randomly her. LOL
 
 nope
 
 random chick at bar lol
 
 jk jk
 
 with Katey ROFL
 
 H:AHA and that leads to threesome. 
 
 ;)
 
 maybe sometime ill be your wingman 
 
 which unfortunately for you doesnt always lead to sex. I can pick up women in bars lol
 
 I can't pick up women in bars. lol
 
 youre cute
 
 lol I'm 'awkward' ROFL
 
 you just dont know how to work it
 
 you are too
 
 youd be like..girl Ive been talking to online and theyd read to much into it or get attached or Id get paranoid
 
 I'm not attractive enough to be a playa. lol
 
 hence the issue
 
 I'm not that savvy. lol 
 
 :P\n
 
 I dont think you could do that
 
 You go to bar
 
 bring girl to her house
 
 fuck her
 
 leave and never see her agin
 
 You would pick someone not random and it would cause issues. "Open relationships" only work well if its random ass people you dont give a shit about.
 
 howd I pick someone bad? :P
 
 more people to cook and clean for me. LOL
 
 what you want a second wife for anyway? Am I not enough for you? lol roflmao
 
 youd pick someone bad
 
 :P 
 
 and no free cheat
 
 no second wife
 
 and I get a second wife. :D
 
 so we each get a threesome
 
 each get a free cheat
 
 
 
 fine you get one free cheat too. 
 
 is too. :P
 
 its one for one
 
 i get dp you get threesome
 
 uh uh that is so not fair
 
 lol
 
 you get dp
 
 I get a threesome
 
 and a second wife. and one free cheat. :P
 
 I wont push you that far lol
 
 but you dont have to you know "touch" them
 
 roflmao
 
 okay so maybe there would be some bouncing balls 
 
 umm its about 110% guranteed that DPing woudl require parts to touch. :P
 
 all I want is a little DP
 
 which means one you cant be drunk and two you dont actually have to touch them :P
 
 hmm...   I'd have to think
 
 and be drunk. lol
 
 fairs fair after all :P
 
 tell you what
 
 you can have a threesome with me and a girl the minute I get a threesome with you and another guy
 
 lol
 
 Im not big on sharing
 
 uhhhh NOOOOO
 
 then bring her over
 
 and I'll take you both ;) ROFLMFAO
 
 (.)(.) my boobs rofl
 
 not so much baby
 
 im not big on the girls
 
 (o)(o) boobs!!
 
 I wanna watch. ;)
 
 thats the point
 
 uh uh shell think im offering. Ill send her the straight sex
 
 haha you should send that to Katey ;)
 
 look cunnilingus
 
 ({}) :P
 
 feel special though
 
 your the only one that got an emoticon bj
 
 roflmao
 
 send to katey. :P
 
 its not my fault
 
 im bored and horny
 
 You
 
 shane
 
 cake
 
 contempklating sending to katey
 
 more than me? :P\n
 
 ?? lol
 
 im gonna clean
 
 so I stop sending people emoticon sex
 
 lol
 
 lol fun with emoticons
 
 =})  --&gt; ==})  --&gt;  =}) 
 
 Capitulate and raise the white flag
 
 hah
 
 =mm=D~ :P  why? Because I can
 
 lol
 
 little cousin is creeping me out again with his "I would die for my gf" crap
 
 im sooooooooo tired
 
 it should be ready by the ime you get here
 
 haha leavin now. I'm hungry
 
 Why should I? Jk theres one in the oven for you already in case you come home for lunch
 
 HAHA make me some. :P
 
 chicken quesidillas
 
 you know your jealous
 
 lol
 
 Off topic but Im horny. friggin hormones are all outta wack this week
 
 kk
 
 looks like imma have rene through lunch
 
 lindsys dad is stoppping by moms to visit Kahlen
 
 Is what the love does
 
 Is my job
 
 I take care of you.
 
 I love you for caring though :)
 
 I can't do naps. they just make me more tired. 
 
 Id rather you atleast take a catnap first since you were so tired this morning but I know how you are with naps
 
 Uh huh momma taught me so.
 
 :D
 
 nuh uhhh :P
 
 Everytime your outta cellphone range your dead in a ditch
 
 Its not my fault im
 
a worry wart. Momma raised me this way :p
 
 I know baby I know
 
 it wont be bad I'll pull over when I get tired. :)
 
 have to make sure I can have the time. 
 
 Okie dokie
 
 I vote for tomorrow so I dont have to wory about you driving on no sleep and ill get snuggles before you go. But im sure youve already decided to leave tonight :P
 
 yup
 
 leaving tonight or tomorrow
 
 Well did you talk to littleton yet?
 
 :P
 
 Your a puppy dog
 
 Haha fruit cake
 
 hehe AFV puppy dogs
 
 wriii ruvv ruuuu
 
 You &lt;3 me?
 
 wuv wu wuuu
 
 :D
 
 &lt;3 you very mucho grande :*
 
 huh?
 
 Hey
 
 guess what?
 
 especially for a felon lol
 
 nope not the smartest thing
 
 its parkers and it will work if they dont bring Kahlen with to pick her up. I mean she can survive the ten minute drive without a booster
 
 but probably not the smartest thing on base
 
 is it a boost?
 
 what about Kaylens?
 
 ya
 
 crap we left her carseat in your car didnt we?
 
 by the time you get back she will probably be back at her fathers
 
 yep
 
 youll have to live without seeing her for two weeks
 
 oh yeah.. nicholas is picking her up
 
 which consists of him watching cars 2 while I sleep lol
 
 me and bubba will take a nice long nap
 
 as soon as rene is gone
 
 den sleep :P
 
 sooo tired
 
 eck I feel like poo
 
 muah
 
 I know my crazy roflmao
 
 Mwah 
 
 lol
 
 uh no
 
 cause then I would have to deal with you having sex with her. And what if you ended up loving her more then me...there goes my self esteem
 
 what little I have left. Nope bad ide
 
 jk jk jk
 
 so she's cool with being the second wife. ROFL you want a maid? HAHA
 
 eh cant blame her
 
 ive dated enough jobless men to know support is good
 
 she looks for 'support' lol
 
 two kids and pregnant. 
 
 yup
 
 quick mover?
 
 hahaha
 
 she'll have a bf
 
 or him
 
 in like 48 hours
 
 roflmao
 
 she still cant have you
 
 apparently she kicked him out. ROFL
 
 and doesnt she have a bf
 
 he might not appreciate that
 
 yeah right thatd be the one youd pick roflmao
 
 i'll just go get with the 'troll' 
 
 :P
 
 then its bad
 
 it would have been until you got to there
 
 
 
 thats not even funny like at all
 
 ROFLMFAO jk jk
 
 you get some I get some. I'll just pic kup the kids and take them to go visit their grandparents 
 
 true I have like a whole week to be naughty bwahahahahaha
 
 I can send billy to moms with nicholas and get me some ;)
 
 ;)
 
 jk jk
 
 well... it is only going to be you and billy. 
 
 you know I wouldnt :P 
 
 lol
 
 :/
 
 darn it I have a few I could call jk
 
 nope
 
 hahaha... 
 
 i can find my own dick if thats what we are doing
 
 um...thanks but no
 
 jk jk jk
 
 OMFG ROFL
 
 like Nick. 
 
 probably. 
 
 :)
 
 all I have is bowling
 
 so we will have to find something fo ryou to do
 
 lol
 
 hell the first im hermiting. Not that I havent the previous few years
 
 yep
 
 nothing no one no fun no nada
 
 and after the 1st
 
 we hermit. lol
 
 from not for
 
 I would normally argue but I dont like the idea of you being broke hundreds of miles for home
 
 and just pay COX after the first
 
 I might pull out the 100 dollars that is in the First command account as well so that I can be sure I have money
 
 uh. DUH I'm in like 4K debt with the star card. lol
 
 course its for emergencies only RIGHT?
 
 See
 
 thats much more like it.
 
 6.25% APR with no annual fees if I get approved
 
 just applied for a credit card through First Command
 
 billy tried to get his "big sock" by telling me he needed the mickey mouse on it
 
 its me but crazier
 
 I know but its awesome! fucking woman hears he said shit. He says Im leaving for a bit she hears hes leaving me
 
 he says imma go hang out with this girl she hears hes found another woman
 
 lol my computer wont let me go there and you konw it
 
 you should copy and paste and go there
 
 http://ragecomics.memebase.com/2011/12/28/rage-comics-woman-y-u-no-understand/
 
 its vaginas and bellybuttons....two of them
 
 and just because its your eigth message from me today.... \n&lt; o \n&lt; o
 
 :)
 
 lol haha
 
 :P
 
 Im out of coffeee.......
 
 coffee? what about coffee? lol
 
 so requirements if you leave tonight. deposit that check
 
 coffee
 
 sex and a kiss goodbye. Doable?
 
 this week is gonna suck
 
 :P
 
 whatever :P pervy bastard
 
 lol haha I know. lol but it was funny sinc eyou started it
 
 uh uh uh uh uh uh
 
 Uh no...you dont get to touch her anymore
 
 ROFL jk jk
 
 I meant me doing the spanking. LOL
 
 and I wanna kill her
 
 she isnt attractive to me
 
 ohh. :'(
 
 I will never boink your wife
 
 in the figurative sense not the literal
 
 you started it\n
 
 spanked? ;) hehe
 
 maybe just a quick bitchslap
 
 I just think she need to be spanked too
 
 I know
 
 and that reason I can deal with
 
 okey dokey
 
 and I want my damn kids. :P
 
 oh and you need to deposit my check and pick up a thing of coffee before you go. That way I have access to money and caffiene
 
 I guess
 
 I think your bending over backwards to please her and shes the one that fucked up. She can deal an extra day
 
 it wont kill her
 
 so that will help
 
 so I can put some gas in my car before I go
 
 I have 24$ available on the Star Card
 
 I am going to see what's left on the Star Card. so I might be able to fill up with that. for the first one
 
 I'll figure it out. 
 
 &lt;3 you. gonna go make french toast. If you do leave today you damn well better kiss me before you do :P
 
 ugh how you gonna get gas? and hotel rooms? including the walmart card and the cash from the christmas theres only like 200. is that gonna be enough to get you through two days?
 
 Bubba is still asleep
 
 Rene woke me up like ten minutes again
 
 when sgt littleton gets in I'm going to see if I can change my leave and leave today
 
 lol
 
 muah btw\n
 
 I dont know
 
 in my dream you were sitting next to me
 
 got a text handed me the phone and said here look at message number 8. Of course it turned out to be two cartoon kittys meowing but I think it was supposed to be a picture of vaginas\n
 
  wtf does that mean?
 
 uh huh sure\ntotally believe you. By the way according to my dream message number 8 and/or 9 that you get today will be inappropriate \n
 
 gooood morning\nMwah love you
 
 sorry the kids were asleep and I was late
 
 ==mmD ~ :P
 
 :P
 
 ;)
 
 PENGUIN!
 
 &lt;(")
 
 :P
 
 only cause I let you
 
 you know I always win. :P
 
 haha thats what you think
 
 but its cum'ing off when I get home. :P
 
 no clue. 
 
 im wearing that red one sissy gave me that hasnt fit me for about 4 months 
 
 lol
 
 after since kahlen is a drama pain I will have to distract her with food :P
 
 before or after penis? :P
 
 Get home already so I can make you buy me ice and soda
 
 fine lol but Id better get some penis outta the deal
 
 roflmao
 
 looks like you are wearing it till i get home and get a picture and text it to her. :P
 
 perv
 
 rofl
 
 darn and I dont have a working camera 
 
 :D\n
 
 :)
 
 and I'll... stand back and watch. 
 
 show Katey
 
 she'll jump you ;)
 
 lmfao
 
 I have epic boob
 
 the kinda boob wars were started over. The kinda boob that would make a monk turn his head. Its definitely innapropriate boob
 
 rofl
 
 haha i squeezed into a spag top. I got more boob then I ever thought possible
 
 roflmao
 
 rawr 
 
 your own personal slutty babysitter
 
 feel the special
 
 hehehe
 
 yep
 
 lmao
 
 i have a lil slutty babysitter
 
 unfortunately none of those really fit anymore
 
 Hey
 
 I do. My hairs down and Rene and I played with makeup. Now the only thing I am missing is a slutty shirt. 
 
 lol
 
 ah btw I look GOOOOOOOOOD
 
 cancelled
 
 arent you supposed to be at a meeting?
 
 walmart grocery walmart card for groceries because Im sick of being out of eggs and soda. or you can deposit cash my check and run to the commissary. Id make you take me shopping tonight instead of tomorrow night or before you leave tuesday but we have Kahlen and no carseat for her
 
 so how am I going shopping to night? and what for?
 
 iiiiiim bored
 
 yeah
 
 your soooooo going shopping either with or without us tonight. 
 
 with the kids running around I never have the patience to sit on hold that long
 
 eh thatll never happpen
 
 and order your phone. :P
 
 which reminds me I never rescheduled my appt. I should do that
 
 ugh thank god.
 
 .... she's less than 6 months
 
 just be glad you aren't pregnantn like a friend on mine. She has to have Sonograms everyweek 
 
 is on bedrest and no sex till birth
 
 lol
 
 if the camera on my phone worked this would be faceboooked now
 
 Bubba has dark blue eye shadow now and Rene has blue eyeliner pink eye shadow and green highlighter
 
 whatever ducky :P
 
 yep yep yep yep
 
 nope nope nope
 
 uh uh your the perv 
 
 you perverted lil girl
 
 see
 
 not as bad as you thought. :P
 
 rofl
 
 okay ill give you that
 
 if she makes a funny comment and I shoot back before I read it first. lol
 
 thats the only thing I worry about
 
 of course
 
 I am too quick to respond to random things on the interenet. you know that. lol
 
 kotah looks all poofy lipped
 
 its kinda creepy
 
 her peircing isnt as cute though
 
 she got a little lip stud off to the side
 
 yup yup
 
 so sad
 
 shes my baby cousin
 
 roflmao
 
 I dont have good hand finger control if someone says something that can be made into a joke. lol
 
 not really
 
 just hitting back. 
 
 your serioulsy afraid your gonna hit on a 13 yr old. you pedo you
 
 iiiiiimmmmmmmmmmm bored
 
 that whole lack of personalization aspect. 
 
 Thus the no FB talking. 
 
 to the one that watched her grow up . not the one that she is a flirt with. 
 
 so wrong
 
 shes a baby cutie patootie
 
 roflmao
 
 LMFAO JK JK JK JK JK
 
 only 5 more years. 
 
 lol  I was talking about jess.  HAHA
 
 rofl just dont ask aunt barb for nudies
 
 shed probably send them roflmao
 
 I flirt with flirts and that is weird. lol 
 
 exactly. she's a flirt
 
 thus staying away. 
 
 jess is like 13 she can be a flirt and/or duh Aunt Barbs a flirt
 
 ones a lesbian and one is too much of a flirt
 
 I stay away from their pages. lol
 
 yep
 
 aww... nm barbs kids?
 
 ??
 
 Jessica and Kotah got peircings today. Kotah is the first girl I have ever seen look cute with a monroe
 
 rofl
 
 Kahlen to Rene "I dont have anymore of those patiends!" Rene to Kahlen "you dont have anymore patience for me?" Kahlen to Rene "No Im all out those!"
 
 Nicholas says he can pick up and drop off rene next week so at least thats done
 
 that Phillips hellophone
 
 its for muzik
 
 have fun
 
 gonna go take a shower ;) roflmao
 
 :*
 
 lol
 
 Rene says that when you have time you have to let her sing songs onto your computer. Somehow they just noticed the microphone
 
 and if it hadnt been for that one the kids would be with their mom and we can play house it would be less. :P
 
 lol
 
 :P Im crazy but the fact that we are broke is going to keep me from really freaking out 
 
 I know
 
 well I wouldnt start getting anxious until about 22 hours in lol
 
 at least you know I get shitty reception through a lot of the drive already. ROFL\n
 
 lol
 
 Thank god. I love that you know Im gonna be crazy :P
 
 at least they didn't make my other trip be like 4 days
 
 yea I know. :P Mwah. lol
 
 well
 
 you know im gonna be paranoid especially if your going to be gone a week for a two day trip. I know blah
 
 have to and such
 
 im just telling you. Ill try to do my best to control it though
 
 yeah
 
 well once you figure that out
 
 ill figure the rest of it out. &lt;3
 
 I'm running numbers now. 
 
 then all I have to worry about is Rene marie
 
 or tonight or something
 
 wait maybe we can use the safeway and walmart gift cards and buy groceries tomorrow.
 
 me and the children might be dead by the time you return
 
 im going to end up having to stay with mom while your gone
 
 this is so fucked.
 
 hahaha even if i could I'm not allowed
 
 unless your magically gonna be back by sundaty
 
 I know
 
 but I really prefer that to having to try to beg my ex mother in law to take me grocery shopping.
 
 99% that they will say no. its not her car. she's not insured for it
 
 can we try any way and just cross the fingers?
 
 crap cause that solved all my issues
 
 then probably not
 
 it is insured and registered
 
 just in Kris' name I think
 
 so 99% sure not
 
 she would need insurance
 
 and registration for that car.
 
 cause that solves the Rene
 
 groceries and the possibility of me going crazy issues.
 
 will they give mom a drive on pass for a car registered in someone elses name.
 
 I'm going to have to ge-ip out on the bills again to do all this. fun fun
 
 1st
 
 I'm looking at almost 7 days of leave... so we will figure it out. When do you get Food Stamps again?
 
 which means today or tomorrow we need to get passes for the mom and the sylvia so that I can still function while your gone. Or I could stay at moms for the half a week.....
 
 but I'm not allowed to drive any part of it straight since it is 18 hours. even though I drove almost straight through to here
 
 oh I'll make her life hell in the process
 
 maybe if mom still has kris' car we can get her a drive on and then she can take me shopping. bitch makes life difficult
 
 well
 
 if you have to go get them yourself you will have to figure out how to take me grocery shopping while your gone and get sylvia a pass for rene.
 
 http://www.tucsonrealestateandhomesforsale.idxco.com/idx/4818/details.php?idxID=129&amp;listingID=21119433
 
 yep yep
 
 filmore?
 
 I forgot the street name
 
 whats the web address for that house.? 
 
 want me to take more time
 
 if I have to do it all myself. the 'pwers' that be
 
 I may end up having to go a LOT slower to pick them up.. 
 
 I mean obviously you are in control of the dream you that invades my dreams
 
 Oof course it is
 
  :P
 
 sooo my fault right?
 
 HAHAHHAHAHA   
 
 You bit me in my dream
 
 you bit my upper arm. It was very rude. Dont do it again
 
 yup
 
 rofl hard to rinse anything with a sink that doesnt work
 
 i tried to rinse it out. lol didn't work
 
 You have to clean the downstairs sink when you get home. Is yucky eeeeeewwwww :?
 
 :P whatever we shall see
 
 yep you dooo
 
 which means I dont get a nap today :P
 
 I should be home before too too long
 
 and after we go to the store. its nap time cuz I need to go to Pima
 
 Billy and Saundra are watching the movie with me
 
 Adam is getting married to himself in a gown with a veil....
 
 haha
 
 I fucking love finding nemo
 
 ;)
 
 :*
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 youve been gone forever
 
 nightmare before christmas is almost over you know
 
 lol
 
 i wanna go to the grocery store
 
 then come home and take a nap. Duh\n
 
 ? so how do those correlate? lol
 
 want out/want sleep/want the fuck out of house/ want to sleep fucking all day. SOOOOOO bad
 
 ok
 
 lol sorry
 
 had to wait till after 9 to do something.
 
 Im craving hanukkah food
 
 you always take forever at work. Warning
 
 I want to go to the grocery store. I want to get the xmas stuff and II want to buy latke mix
 
 Im attemting to be a big girl
 
 but apparently mouth pain turns me into whiny baby
 
 workin on it
 
 I have some stuff to finish since I dont work till Monday. (with checking in on Thursday)
 
 I want you off work :( im a big cry baby right now. My face owie
 
 When your off work come save me please
 
 It was quick but its owie
 
 Yep
 
 good thing I dont work tomorrow. lol
 
 at least its paid for. lol
 
 They are gonna pull it
 
 good luck deary
 
 So ready for the damn dentist to take me back there and get it over with.
 
 Well we are all ready as soon as you are done with your appt. Ifyo u want anything for lunch to be ready let me know
 
 I know this is going to cut into your time
 
 &lt;3 you
 
 like now
 
 uh i want it to be one
 
 Meeting is in 20 minutes
 
 
 
 Is it time for my appt yet?
 
 okie dokie
 
 then I work next tuesday
 
 wed and thursday
 
 I have tuesday wed
 
 and thrusday off this week (have to check in on Thursday)
 
 that would be awesome
 
 and Ii want it to not look like I have a golfball in my mouth
 
 uh huh I want pain killers and antibiotics please. Lots and lots of antibiotics
 
 lol I know deary
 
 we'll go get you all drugged up\n
 
 I feels like poo
 
 just wanted to share
 
 muah back...
 
 Mwah
 
 lol
 
 If I hadnt gotten in to see the dentist I would probably would have had to go to the er
 
 sorry
 
 Im kinda loopy right now
 
 ye3ah your a girl didnt you know
 
 Yeah she thought it was funny. It was a whole boys will be boys bonding moment lol
 
 why she did it?? :P
 
 I was hoping it was ok since there was still tread on the tires. lol\n
 
 I explained why she did it and she was like lol Rocky would have made the same choice
 
 Good. 
 
 you know that. lol
 
 different friends
 
 She thought it was awesome
 
 sorry Ill like it on both. I wondered why in hell you posted it twice.
 
 Oh I see. :P only like the comment on my main page not my work page. :P :P
 
 so she liked it even though its technically not new?
 
 lol good
 
 &lt;3 Atleast I got to see my Katey for a minute. She was excited about the bike. I guess it worked out perfectly because he threw a fit last time they left Walmart when he couldnt take the bike home.
 
 k I'll be home after the 1030 meeting
 
 her daddy brout the truck so no way they can drive us
 
 and my poor baby. MWAH!
 
 lol you should ready my status update. ROFL
 
 half my face is swollen
 
 Im dizzy and have a fever from infection
 
 I can only see out of one eyeballa nd Im contemplating putting makeup on in an attempt to not look like a zombie....I have issues
 
 i gave Katey shit you guys were saying the same thing. She said it wasnt her fault that you recognized her undeniable attraction to me but that you got to me first.
 
 true
 
 although DeVry looks betteer on my Taxes. ROFL
 
 I have to take four classes at a time with DeVry to be fulltime . lol
 
 Pima will be a shit ton cheaper and they have payment plan set ups etc etc
 
 I'm getting ready to drop Calc II so I can take it with Pima since TA will probably not be around next year..
 
 lol
 
 shes coming with her dad dork face and my face hurts. That removes thes exy thoughts all together
 
 ;)
 
 rofl.. just that you'll jump on her since I'm not there :P jk
 
 haha
 
 well we are planning on after christmas too and this isnt like this is your last ever chance to see katey
 
 ohh I wanted to see her and make fun of her. :P lol
 
 shes talking swinging by this morning if her dad gets her on. Maybe if she comes she can take me and the kids to moms....we shall see
 
 okay dokey
 
 THe one he already had. 
 
 did we decide to give katey the cars one or the one he already has?
 
 eating/dishes/laundry/yogabbaing right now
 
 If I get around to it
 
 can you count out 20$ from the Jug? :D
 
 you jsut want it so youll have spending money tonight. :P I hope it doesnt come in until tomorrow
 
 that would be nice
 
 it just needs to fucking get here
 
 mmmmm
 
 but we are going to get chinese when I get my card
 
 i dont have to be practical in my daydreams
 
 dont judge me lol
 
 and buying the resturant wont do that. :P
 
 shhhhh I'm hungry.... and we have to make sure we have enough money to pay bills and my to drive 18 hours total. lol
 
 and sushi
 
 if I had my debit card
 
 we would have chinese food. lol
 
 and sweet and sour pork and mushu pork
 
 and egg rolls
 
 and egg drop soup
 
 so I will never run out
 
 and a million pounds of ice
 
 I saw. Ii still want
 
 HAHA Katey is getting Chinese food
 
 its a shame that adam and saundra weren't but.. oh well
 
 My younger brother Nicholas was
 
 my kids were never really snugglers
 
 lmao
 
 it makes me sad :( my babysb ig boy and Saundra wont snuggle me more then five minutes cause shes got better shit to do....Sophia wont be able to run away yet bwahahahahahahaha
 
 lol
 
 Billy is getting to old for the snuggles. Hes like mom im a boy
 
 hahaha
 
 Can it be April? Im sooooo ready to pop her out and snuggles
 
 youd better muach 
 
 i will grab some when I get off work deary :) mwah
 
 I keep putting glasses of water in the freezer trying to trick myself
 
 its ridiculous
 
 seriously you dont understand
 
 its become physically painful
 
 lol
 
 I want me some ice cubes
 
 hahaha
 
 she really doesnt like me right now
 
 Just caught your daughter bare ass naked hanging from the dresser
 
 ICE ICE ICEI CE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE ICE when you come home
 
 :P
 
 you should be
 
 lol sowwy
 
 your the one who started it. you kept pestering me yesterday then spent all night doing your homework
 
 lol haha
 
 even if you have to wake me up!
 
 yeppers
 
 so after bowling? ROFL
 
 so weither you bowl of not tonight its been decided that you WILL follow through with what you started yesterday. Thought I would inform you
 
 fix it
 
 Ugh I want ice
 
 im trying to distract myself
 
 water
 
 soda
 
 book
 
 spongebob talking to you
 
 email....I havent been able to stop thinking about it since yesterday...its annoying
 
 hahaha
 
 you dont know that I can teleport?
 
 I mean come on
 
 magically duh
 
 LV = leavenworth. sorry.. habit
 
 lol how are you going to get to LV?
 
 rofl
 
 bwahahahahahahahahahahaha
 
 watch em try to be pretty then
 
 they shall be green snot colored haired/bald
 
 hahaha ooh you should give it to the troll and then make sure Sammy is working when she goes. Then I can have them both in one place...bwahahahahahahahaha lol
 
 OMG seriously??
 
 lmao
 
 its Sammy's hair salon doing the competition
 
 :P
 
 and possibly. lol
 
 randomly showed up on my page so I accepted it. lol
 
 gonna give it to the troll to fix her hair? roflmao
 
 and why are you applying for a hair coloring gift certificate?
 
 apparently I was the only person on the planet who didnt know this
 
 yeah
 
 i googled ice and pregnancy and about thirty links popped up that said go get tested for anemia
 
 I think they are open saturdays. I have the thing in my purse
 
 are they open on the weekend?
 
 kk
 
 I need to go to get my blood drawn this week. I need to get it done. Ive been supposed to do it for two months now and according to the internet my ridiculous going to die craving for ice might mean im anemic
 
  lol
 
 they are getting called again..
 
 seriously? that makes no sense
 
 wtf?!
 
 the day after I called them
 
 They denied it..
 
 muah
 
 on so many levels 
 
 mwah
 
 there is something wrong with this
 
 lol
 
 holy mother of god
 
 I NEED FUCKING ICE
 
 IM NOT EVEN JOKING
 
 OMG IMMA DIE
 
 Takes to FUCKING LONG
 
 like oxygen
 
 :P
 
 lol freeze water
 
 Im craving it
 
 I need ice
 
 Im drinking water but it doesnt work
 
 ugh I want ice SOOOOOO BAD
 
 roflmao it is the way it works
 
 well I did so if it got declined becasue they didn't call me back imma be pissed. lol
 
 and it was supposed to be declined by the 14th if I hadn't contacted them.....
 
 and they still haven't called me back
 
 haa
 
 lol trying to get every little bit out of the food stamps. lol
 
 If you come home for lunch you should bring ice cubes
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 bet you a bjl ol
 
 still gonna take till february.
 
 not you
 
 there is only one spot on the entire divorce to sign
 
 which is me and the judge
 
 thats the judge
 
 .thats what I meant by plus one to sign
 
 I signed 
 
 she signed
 
 I just need a judge to sign it
 
 we are doing it without that first aprt.
 
 All of her and my stuff is signed. 
 
 no speed even for "easy" ones
 
 60 day waiting period plus one day to sign
 
 roflmao nope
 
 I hope the 'LIVING" seperately for a year+ will help by pass that
 
 if it makes us wait that long
 
 and then 61 days is like the middle to end of Febuary. lol
 
 :P
 
 uh huh suuuuuuuuuuuurrre
 
 I am going to try and file it before the New Year
 
 when I get the papers from Marissa on the 23rd
 
 I'm working on it. 
 
 grrrrr...
 
 should name the baby Sophia Deyoe
 
 and the way its going now it will probably be in that order to huh?
 
 lol
 
 they will still be scary when im drunk
 
 roflmao
 
 so we need to have the baby
 
 get married
 
 get a babysitter
 
 and go to the onbase bar. lol
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 honestly what needs to happen is I need to makef riends with people either on or with acess to the base. Which will happen once I get over my military pod people prejudice....so give me six years
 
 ;)
 
 then you gotta bring Katey home. lol
 
 lol
 
 its yucky
 
 shes just as freaky. She is one of those put together preppy girls that was probably a cheerleader/homecoming queen. I dont do prissy
 
 LMFAO
 
 HOUSEWIVES UNITE!
 
 but you could always 'get along' with her. ROFL
 
 yes he is. lol
 
 :P you know its true
 
 Hey youve seen the neighbors. they scary
 
 :P
 
 until either my friends can get to my house easily or I can get to them easily its the way its going to be. Id befriend base people but these pod freaks scare the crap outta me
 
 I still have my friends to talk to but with you working
 
 the small car and me not having a license/being on base it makes things difficult
 
 hmm... we should change that... its starting to get like 'her' where you are literally trapped in the house. and I said I wouldn't do that again
 
 It doesnt help that for now your pretty much my only connection to the outside world lol
 
 lol probably both
 
 I cant tell if ifs just because Im a girl or because of Sophia
 
 It drove me nuts when you were here all the time and now that you are working again its driving me nuts you arent here
 
 lol
 
 my bodys awake...not so much my brain
 
 :P lol
 
 Ima  little asleep still
 
 I keep telling you not to play indoors
 
 breaking things with your big ball
 
 drinking tooo much soda
 
 whatever..your a naughty naughty naughty boy 
 
 I dont get shitfaced at Camino Seco :P
 
 Roflmao. Atleast if you do have enough to go bowling tonight I know you wont get into too much trouble lol
 
 you cant afford to get shitfaced again
 
 cuz its MIIIIKES super short SHOW!
 
 now he know
 
 and didnt understand why it was bad
 
 lol
 
 He shut billy in
 
 I just shut Adam in the closet for a minute
 
 I'm not sure about bowling.. I'd have to check the jar when I get home. .. and :P :D
 
 OH and shut and lock the damn door pain in my ass. Trying to keep the kids out of the bedroom gets harder if you leave the door open :P
 
 do you have enough to pay for bowling tonight? I know you kept the ones in the jar
 
 ugh
 
 I hate that Adam and Billy are in a lot of the same stages. That is bad enough
 
 but Now I got Saundra hitting stages I just got billy out of. I swear I cant keep that girl dressed for the life of me
 
 well yeah its cheap
 
 same price
 
 which would be 7 credits at DeVry
 
 ROFL I can take 35 credits for 1
 
755$  
 
 yay?
 
 so its got to be something in her room
 
 Well
 
 she didnt have it before nap time
 
 just found more classes at pima. 
 
 I get it when I work with heavily dusty stuff
 
 etc..
 
 would make sense
 
 probably from the Dresser
 
  alergic to the dust
 
 btw shes got what looks like a rash on the sides and backs of ther thighs and what look like pimples on her bum
 
 Im always surprised when I figure how long shes been hanging. shes got those bitty arms
 
 she'll get buff lol
 
 I should probably start checking sooner lol
 
 and shes usually hanging for a good 15 minutes cause I always just figure shes throwing a temper tantrum so I wait a bit before going up to check on her
 
 she cant do it by herself
 
 she cant get down all the way. Up shes fine
 
 down she panics
 
 she screams bloody murder and you go upstairs and she is hanging from her forearms
 
 Saundra is learning too since she keeps getting stuck
 
 especially with an overloaded bookshelf
 
 billy is learning that 'climb=beat'
 
 she used to climb on everything
 
 Rene did
 
 there is still a shot she might grow out of it like Billy hopefully will
 
 eh billy does the same thing when he looks at it and when he looks at the bookcase. Its a two year old thing for her hopefully 
 
 grrrr. lol
 
 She wasnt doing it again until this past week or so. I was using the empty bits for storage and when rene/saundra/billy/adam pulled everything ou except the shelves she went oooooooh ladder
 
 she climbed on it before
 
 I just thought she stopped
 
 its not the dresser so much as the "ladder" thats part of the dresser.
 
 well
 
 its the missing drawers. She always climbs up the same side because it has a ladder
 
 did* my kids will never have furniture
 
 jeeze .. looks like she gets to lose the dresser just like adam didn
 
 her legs are red from trying to climb or something im not sure. Its the front of her legs and she landed on her butt/back from the position she was in when I got back upstairs
 
 Then she did it again and slipped
 
 I caught her climbing on the dresser
 
 spanked her and put her back to bed
 
 she might still be upset when you get home
 
 you should be. Btw Saundra just got spanked then proceeded to fall 
 
 lol I'm sorry hun
 
 I want cake. Why do we not have all the things I need to make cake
 
 or even cookies? Flour
 
 eggs we have enough...sugar baking soda/powder chocolate chips/nuts not enough or none. ITs sad face
 
 I sorry honey. I was hoping you were feeling better
 
 it flares up occasionally and I just dont move
 
 side hurts
 
 
 
 shoulder hurts
 
 not really
 
 I forgot to ask you at lunch if you were feeling any better
 
 the difference between them is ridiculous
 
 Saundra and Billy are dancing around in their diapers next to each other.....
 
 yeah I kinda wondered
 
 well thats why he doesnt have to pee at 2am
 
 wow.... 
 
 I wouldnt have known but he wipped it out with Rene in the room
 
 so after he got smacked for lying/peeing in his closet we took a tour of the house. Closet there
 
 bathroom here
 
 toilet were you go potty
 
 no no
 
 to make it worse "I used my bedroom bathroom" He had genuinally convinced himself that the corner of his closet was a toilet
 
 grrrrrr
 
 why?
 
 mmmmMmmm...   money
 
 Adam has been using his closet as a urinal
 
 Well
 
 I found out why the boys room always smells like pee
 
 Okay.
 
 January 24th... my W-2 is out...
 
 ok well you kill ROcky
 
 and I'll persuade Katey to move in . lol
 
 honestly at the moment they both seem like a good idea. I am having real issues keeping up with the house and the kids
 
 or.... I guess we have to kill Katey's hubby and move her in. HAHA jk jkjk
 
 or go to ENgland and get a british lesbian one. ROFL
 
 roflmao
 
 Soooo tired need to hire babysitter/housekeeper
 
 ok I see how that could be irritating
 
 because I have to actually burn a leave day to go pick up my kids
 
 why exactly are you booing leave?
 
 boo just found out that I have to take leave on the 30th..
 
 Dont forget its wednesday
 
 Rene needs to be at moms by 4 and if you get out early I have that appt at 3:45
 
 How am I still so Tired. I need to just sleep for 24 hours straight soon
 
 :P
 
 didnt really get any I can remember because I was asleep.....
 
 and more snuggles
 
 roflmao but I want one
 
 HAHA
 
 :O
 
 please dont start a fire. ;)
 
 The weather outside is frightful
 
 lol Mwah
 
 muah....hormones stupid :P
 
 ohh... poor babe.... Mwah
 
 I borke a plate...so I burst into tears.....
 
 caffiene no worky
 
 its like duck duck goose
 
 ex
 
 ex
 
 gf......This isnt weird at all
 
 I HATE THESE FORMS!
 
 I also had to write Lizle... because she was a foreign business contact since she was my nanny
 
 2 pots of coffee in my system. still the walking dead
 
 uh huh...I said 15 not 5 :P
 
 hand written
 
 legible
 
 and if something isn't legible I have to start over
 
 so....fifteen minutes tops then come home
 
 the form I just got info from you on is 21 pages long...
 
 :P
 
 get off work already
 
 Yeah
 
 like I said...not weird at all
 
 try that on for size
 
 lol and I put 'seperated.. but not legally seperated. ROFL
 
 I had to put Marissa on it as well.
 
 6540 e 38th st Tucson
 
 AZ 85730
 
 520-270-9386
 
 okay....not weird at all.....
 
 friend that knows me here. lol
 
 you get to get put on my security reference sheet. lol haha
 
 hey hey...  whats your address and number?
 
 They never call me
 
 I could run over their dog in front of them and instead of stopping me they would call my mom....
 
 lol
 
 I told mom that if they call her she is to state "Nikkole is a grown woman if you have problems with her choices call her yourself" and then hang up on them. I doubt she will
 
 and I doubt they will ever call ME but at least I gave her an out.
 
 We'll figure it out
 
 If you are working I might just end up not going. 
 
 to be blunt though im just to fucking tired to think about it.
 
 well
 
 gotta figure something out
 
 roflmao
 
 they called to 'remind' me.. so I cancelled. lol
 
 cancelled it yesterday. :) 
 
 possibly but you dont have lunch break on mission I thought.....oh and you have an appt tomorrow at 10
 
 poor poor mikey
 
 hmm... sounds like lunchbreak dropoff. lol
 
 fuck if I know
 
 Mom only has the truck
 
 hmm hows that going to work? lol
 
 So I have a doc appt at 3:45 tomorrow. I forgotted
 
 lol
 
 or keep your mouths shut
 
 I would have told you but your assholes
 
 I kept adding to it but it got mean everytime I did lol
 
 HAHA that will be great.. lol
 
 to avoid any uncomfortable moments at christmas
 
 in case you didnt know Im pregnant. Sophia is due in April. 
 
 what did it say?
 
 by tonight they will be bowing up my mothers phone
 
 it was two sentences
 
 well
 
 I just sent the family email.
 
 I dont think that will work
 
 grrrr. I think Spysweeper killed one of those files in a virus scan I'll have to fix it when I get home then..
 
 trying to write an email to fam telling them about Sophia. So far I have april 7th fuck off
 
 its not the normal one
 
 it says firefox is missing a file and cannot open
 
 all you have to do is hit CNTRL ALT DELETE    then go to start task manager.. then click on the Firefox program
 
 hit end.. and start over with double clicking Firefox
 
 i dont like internet explorer
 
 the firefox no worky
 
 I was pissy
 
 now Im FUCKING PISSED and Depressed. Seriously BAD DAY
 
 ?
 
 Ugh I FUCKING HATE HORMONES
 
 lol
 
 btw i pushed self destruct bwahahahaha
 
 still dont believe it will work that way in real life
 
 nope
 
 500$ my ass
 
 you didn't believe me. :P
 
 yup yup. so see... told you
 
 well and that Trade in is always less then what yiou can get selling it on the side of the road
 
 (mainly due to milage
 
 and nothing being wrong)
 
 trade in value is 3700$
 
 Not horrible. Youd have to clean it though lol
 
 haha my Kelly Blue book price on the Station wagon is 4800$ private party seller. (aka me)  haha
 
 I could be psychic/telekenetic
 
 But if I could actually think it that would be awesome
 
 Imma gonna be home earlier than normal so stop jinxing work :P
 
 Imma hit the self destruct on SG1 K
 
 love you too
 
 :D
 
 love you..
 
 Im serious
 
 thats the criteria
 
 haha
 
 They are EVERYWHERE!!!
 
 whore
 
 if its cuter then me
 
 whore
 
 if it wears cleavage and legs at the same time
 
 if it has a vagina
 
 knows you have a gf and still flirts with you. Whore
 
 truth is they are all whores
 
 I dont have mood swings
 
 I have truth moments. 
 
 I love you
 
 the baby and your wonderful mood swing. :P :D
 
 sure whatever
 
 your the one who wants those future fattys. Whores the lot of em. All of them
 
 look around you
 
 seriously
 
 turn your head...see them? whores
 
 love you. lol
 
 Fuckers
 
 maybe because they all get FAT when theya re old
 
 you ever notice that
 
 BTW wHores
 
 the words kinda round
 
 Nothing hate them all
 
 hate everyone. Hate the whores
 
 hate family
 
 hate everyone. You and the kids are the only ones I dont want to kill right now. 
 
 whats up?
 
 Fuck mom and Sissy and my aunt Barb and my brothers and everyone. 
 
 :P
 
 oh and I work tomorrow
 
 okey dokey
 
 and we'll wait.. I'll be a good boy this time.. lol
 
 Hurry up the work and get my princess :*
 
 rationally
 
 yes we should wait a little longer
 
 it isnt safe unless Im all healed up. Irrationally
 
 I DONT WANNA :'(
 
 well... what do you think?
 
 :'(
 
 :((((((
 
 ohh.. kk..  guess i have to wait to pay you ... 
 
 its gonna take a bit to heal
 
 It got too far before we got the meds this time
 
 a little
 
 it still twinges
 
 ur ouchy any better?
 
 ohh lala . .lol guess I should 'pay' you when i get home then huh?
 
 Yes
 
 I have dinner hot on the stove waiting for you
 
 three out of four kids eating and 6 loads of laundry done. Im a good little Babysitter ;)
 
 okey dokey.. dinner ready? ;) hehe
 
 yeppers
 
 getting ready to head out.. is Rene at your mums
 
 yeah
 
 u there
 
 finishing up now
 
 done soon?
 
 :P
 
 Imma go start dinner
 
 porkchops etc. Get home with my princess already :*
 
 and teeming with my own daddy issues
 
 its vaguely age innapropriate
 
 Now only to get through the next few years without screaming out "well obviously she doesnt fucking want you so get over it"
 
 lol he'll get it in a couple years...
 
 hmph....
 
 well the whole
 
 sometime "a long time from now" you will drive really far and visit mommy. Then you will come home. Was responded to with "Nikki and Daddy and Adam and Saundra and Billy and Ne and Baby and Billy and Ne and Adam will fly away to mommy."
 
 lol tsk tsk
 
 Adam has decided he can only like me or mommy. I think I fixed it/made him convinced the only way he can be happy is if we all live together....ooops
 
 I thought so
 
 her not so much
 
 haha
 
 Saundra is pissed. I changed her poop butt and put powder on her
 
 she put her fingers in the powder and licked them. So I swatted her mouth and told her if its not food it doesnt go in the mouth. She is currently glaring from the couch
 
 haha
 
 Bbilly is back in the corner again
 
 lol
 
 James just posted a Jesus vs Santa Christian fluff piece. His friend responded Jesus is a whiney bitch. Id like the comment but Im afraid big brother will be offended
 
 too bad they havent figured out we are having porkchops
 
 billy just said "Adam's daddy is my daddy his name is Phillip and he is getting Pizza" 
 
 besides god knows when youll be home
 
 No
 
 hes not screaming
 
 just fussing and moving and talking. And the Tvs off for the rest of the day as well
 
 wow. just send them to their rooms till I get home..    or better yet... send billy to the boys room
 
 no toys
 
 and set the alarm
 
 All he has to do is stand right for 2
 
 Billy has been in the corner for 18 minutes
 
 I know babe. I know
 
 I wish I could fix for you
 
 He's well protected.. somehow
 
 Even if I had a house the right size I still have to find some way to take on Allen
 
 I know babe
 
 we can figure something out if we have to. You know Im behind whatever you feel you need to do. They probably wont like me too much cause Ill treat them like I will ours when they are that age 
 
 I need an 8+ bedroom house and money dammit!
 
 I dont knwo why the hell they let him live there but his mom kicked him out.. and the boys home closed so he's with allen
 
 if austin goes
 
 Allen will take it out on him
 
 I dont think I can get my brother without getting my cousin as well
 
 so its easier
 
 k
 
 just cause my phones dead
 
 please
 
 
 
 so I'm picking her up as soon as I leave hear?
 
 which really wont help with the long day 
 
 Just done
 
 been a long ass day. Cant wait for you to be off work. I will have my princess and you 
 
 Love you too
 
 love you
 
 Mwah
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 fine virgin pina coladas. And I dont think the alchohol would count if it is only the metaphorical &lt;3 that is going to be drinking it and not me and Shilo
 
 haha
 
 no alcumhaul... :P
 
 its tired
 
 its pooped
 
 hormones plus you and babies is just to much for it. Can it take a nap? Go sit by a beach and sip pina coladas?
 
 heart on vacation? why?
 
 you should come home now. SG1 needs to close the iris. Billy Adam and I have just had a nice long discussion about listening to me. Adams discussion was peppered with if you have the urge to hide it from me then you know you SHOULDNT have it. Its been emotionally exhausting can my heart go on vacation?
 
 blah blah blah. I dont wanna go upstairs
 
 too hard\n
 
 :) you can alwasy have a kid plug it in for you downstairs. ROFL jk jk
 
 charger upstairs...
 
 Not so much\n\n
 
 fun fun fun fun fun
 
 my phone is dead just so you know
 
 cheaper then replacing your instruments/paying for your emergency cranial surgery
 
 its 5$ for a 12"x12" square
 
 I know
 
 remember... I have to do a different program now
 
 I probably wont be able to apply for OTS until like August so you are safe.. 
 
 yep. But you keep saying you want to be out of here in July.....
 
 lol Do you know hwat that costs.
 
 buy some foam to sound proof it so I can watch tv while your making "music"
 
 the one with when you open the door to your left
 
 I think I'll try and turn the little closet in the garage into a sound studio
 
 coo coo
 
 crazy pants babys. Well on the upside
 
 three loads of laundry and a slight reorganization of the laundry room done
 
 lol Im sorry hu
 
 Billy is fighting me every which way
 
 Saundra is fighting
 
 weirdly enough the only one sleeping is Adam and thats probably only because we got in a knock down drag out fight before he went to bed
 
 never works
 
 nap time
 
 ?
 
 I hate that it never works
 
 mwah have fun
 
 &lt;3 gonna go take a nap. Wish you were here to snuggle with.
 
 sure uh huh I believe you
 
 i was thinking of cute.. .but along the lines of OHHHhhhh howw CUUUUUUUUUUTE  ;)
 
 i might not have been quite so offended without the ..... what horrible word were you thinking of before you settled on a capitalized cute
 
 hehe
 
 Im offended
 
 and seriously....CUTE.....
 
 of course I do I &lt;3 you
 
 I'm sitting all day so its not liek I'll be on my feet all day. lol and how... CUTE... you worry. ;)
 
 want you home already. Partially because I want my princess back and partially because I worried about you po baby. Dont push yourself to hard ok. I dont need you coming home more screwed then you left. :* muah!
 
 &lt;3
 
 I aint in a province
 
 Im in a State. To be more specific in a liberal city within a republican state. :D Hence my crazy
 
 I was born in a schizo city
 
 whatever you latin influenced 'province'  ROFL
 
 not my fault you have a farm boy accent
 
 tucson is to English speaking dork face. 
 
 TuKson ain't 'engrish
 
 your all stinken "foreigners"
 
 Granted I doubt anyone in your entire building/thebase speaks english
 
 just cause you dont speak english :P
 
 does too fruity
 
 a Fry... no worky
 
 that works
 
 large Fry
 
 :P
 
 I want some fries. 
 
 but its fry
 
 i want a fry
 
 as in one order of fries. it is how we speech here mr. midwesterner
 
 cuz i lov eyou and you typed fry
 
 :P
 
 why you so mean to me ??? :'(
 
 :( sniff sniff 
 
 :P
 
 a fry? I will bring you home one french fry
 
 I want a burger. Can I have a burger? And a fry? and one of those cheesecake chocolate things they have there?
 
 Im bitchier in my own head maybe. Years of containment practice lol
 
 you really arent that bitchy. :P
 
 Sorry im being bitchy
 
 Im growing an eyeball on my eyeball. its irritating
 
 fine
 
 but before you do ANYTHING you are getting me fucking BK because I said so and then you can go work out
 
 get my prescription
 
 send me to bed
 
 and "Study"
 
 roflmao yeah sure
 
 your like adam chewing his food for half an hour
 
 and.. I should probably go work out tonight.. lol
 
 Not my fault your lazy
 
 Id rather bust it out and get it done then linger over it
 
 so 76 pages.. with retaining. so its not bad.. I'm just lazy and HATE the boring ass material
 
 38* 
 
 and 398 to do on Friday lol
 
 and its dry
 
 wimp
 
 and retain it
 
 please I could read that in a half hour
 
 and "studying" better not mean
 
 fb ugly girls or texting vaginas
 
 I have 38 pages to make it through tomorrow
 
 :P
 
 ok
 
 well
 
 dont forget to pick up my prescription at some point tonight before I go to bed.
 
 and coming into work tomorrow to study some and I 'probably' work Friday
 
 :P
 
 whatever
 
 yeah yeah yeah
 
 soo I am going to be studying tonight..
 
 love you too
 
 &lt;3 you
 
 roflmao
 
 iiiiiiits BOZO's  SUPER SUNDAY SHOW!
 
 booo back bozo
 
 boo
 
 lol
 
 yay
 
 &lt;
 
 woooo...... appointments all day.. joy! ~lol~
 
 &lt;3
 
 Is sam done reprogramming
 
 You should really update Major Carters programming
 
 Imma try to stay awake lol but im dozing off at the keyboard lol I know
 
 gotta have the addresses right or it wont dial out
 
 you know.. Coordinates to distant planets. :P
 
 k &lt;3
 
 waiting on some numbers to come in then I can finish up 
 
 kk
 
 running on fumes
 
 I might be unconscious when you get here
 
 they didnt nap so they are going to "bed" when they are done
 
 Billy is about 3/4 way through his first.
 
 Adam is on his second bowl
 
 she has decided against it
 
 haha... that would be my baby girl
 
 they just sat down to it
 
 Adam is scarfing like hes starving
 
 Billys eating and Saundra is licking her spoon still in the testing phase
 
 so have they eaten any of the soup?
 
 haha
 
 need more food
 
 and a nap
 
 and noodles
 
 and frosting
 
 and juice
 
 four of them
 
 and eggs
 
 still hungry
 
 ive had soup
 
 kids are gonna eat soup.
 
 you should pick me up a large hunk of meat and a salad on your way home
 
 Hence my mentioning it.
 
 caselton is a town between lv and boise. 
 
   adds about 30 minutes to each of us 
 
 but at least their are towns. lol
 
 theres NOthing.... after Las Vegas.. we may have to move over a state. lol
 
 somewhere between las vegas and caselton nevada probably\n
 
 yea.. now to find a damn place to meet in the middle.. theres NOTHING there
 
 Thats gonna be ridiculous picking them up on christmas eve
 
 although with the damn drive I wish it was longer than a week.
 
 24th*..   a week.. 
 
 ? Uh for a month?
 
 24th*
 
 and she wanted the kids from like the 16th till the 14th
 
 :P
 
 His phone is red :P
 
 LMFAO
 
 no red phones here
 
 just black ones and *grey ones
 
 Im ready do be done lol sg1 needs to go to bed so you can come back and I can nap. Call general hammond and let him know that I wanna go to bed. Use the red phone
 
 I...... want to ride my bicycle! I want to riiiiide myyyy biiiiiiike! hehe
 
 freak face\n
 
 haha I know what I want for Christmas... a Microphone for the computer.. :D hehe.. imma sing and record myself.. Since................ I cant have a Bicycle... :P
 
 :P
 
 :D .. .. :) .. .. :P .. .. :o .. .. &lt;3
 
 &lt;3\n
 
 :P
 
 On fucktard
 
 in the fridge? ROFL I bet its cold. :P
 
 Yep and I ma4e a list in the fridge
 
 have the food stamps come in yet?
 
 allllllll of it
 
 you should use some printer paper and write the list down for me. :)
 
 lmao
 
 To bad for you
 
 youll be at.the grocery store
 
 :P  found out Sgt Littleton will probably be online tonight. HAHA
 
 but I got clenaing to do MWUAH
 
 THen take a longer break :P :P :P Mwah
 
 Its going okay
 
 boys are playing
 
 saundra is "napping" Im trying to clean but everytime I work at it for more then ten minutes I get lightheaded and have to take a break
 
 Hows everything going?  Chat seems to have died\n
 
 just spoil him
 
 and give him lots of hugs and kisses
 
 he'll be ok
 
 I dont know how to deL with this
 
 ive never bruised a baby before. He didnt deserve that
 
 I cant even I dont know
 
 ill talk to you when you get home I cant even think
 
 he blocked
 
i can never punish the boy again. he thinks ive lost my mind I havent let him get up from my lap.Im losing it
 
 I gave my baby a bruise.
 
 what happened?
 
 Adam has a black eye. 
 
 Want you home for snuggles and comforting and feel betters
 
 yeah that would be good
 
 fingers crossed.... that the car starts. lol
 
 love you. Tell SG1 to hurry up so I can have my princess
 
 Mwah love you
 
 kk
 
 perhaps when I get to it. We are having early dinner for early bed time
 
 could you write these on the board please. :)
 
 WEd 12:30-2 chapel
 
 Monday 11:00-12:30 community center
 
 lol
 
 Mymoney baby
 
 lol
 
 Uh huh the boys wouldnt let her nap so now shes clinging to me snuggling
 
 why? cuddly? lol
 
 Saundra tired is so lovey
 
 :P
 
 interesting typo
 
 haha
 
 that is why i didn't get upsetted and stuff. ROFL
 
 i know
 
 Roflmao you know what I meant lol
 
 re-re babys.. is what it looked like
 
 No...
 
 do you know what that looks like. :P
 
 ROFLMFAO
 
 no mor re-babys
 
 And adam keeps swiping shit from her grrr babys no mor re-babys
 
 Soooooooooo done
 
 lol
 
 I think I broke adam and saundra
 
 unlike bilky they habe never heard me do that voice
 
 lol
 
 Yeah
 
 demon babies. They are banished up stairs so I can relax
 
 I went all demon when I yelled at them earlier
 
 hmm... well looks like I get some butts when I get home. ~evil laugh~ 
 
 The boys refused to nap
 
 adam let saundra out of her roomso she disnt nap
 
 saundra ate out of the garbage
 
 adam pulled down blinds while balancing on the race car
 
 I have a headache and etc etc
 
 what now. :P lol
 
  They are evil
 
 Gonna kill chiddlens
 
 I hope your home soon
 
 Is ridunkulous
 
 we apologize ... its what we do. lol
 
 But how is it a big deal? Lol I was so offended
 
 its sunday.. he didnt think I'd be working. lol
 
 I thought it was funny. Apologize for asking the wrong person to play again? Really lol
 
 Well it was more
 
 me babysitter him work
 
 haha can you tell he is in the military? rofl
 
 I did
 
 he apologized lol
 
 haha
 
 you should write back... him at work.... babysitter here. :D
 
 Teryaki chicken wants to play mw3
 
 I thought youd like that :D
 
 hahaha.....
 
 Well
 
 the sooner your off the sooner I get my princess so if you could just let those in charge know that I said you need to be home early Im sure they will make it happen lol
 
 which is why funny
 
 ummm... lol whenver I get off work. lol no set time today
 
 but you knew that. ROFL
 
 Lol mom wants to know what time you get off work hahahaha
 
 :P
 
 hahaha
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_MzHxY-19E&amp;feature=related
 
 :D
 
 I love you tooooooooooo
 
 ok crazy lady I looooove you. lol
 
 Uh uh is real
 
 lol its tv deary
 
 Was sad. Is evil. Stupid goauld
 
 I have to refresh every couple minutes to see if you wrote. lol
 
 poo baby
 
 I'm sorry about   daniels wife. lol 
 
 Sure
 
 okey dokey.. sorry chat is being weird here
 
 yes
 
 Yes
 
 are you there?
 
 Hewo?
 
 hewo?
 
 tired and cant stop crying. I watched the episode of sg1 where Daniels wife dies. The tears wont stop
 
 whats up dear?
 
 Uh huh :) you know love my crazy
 
 Wow!. lol paranoid. lol    conspiracy nut
 
 Cause you took the pics outta the secret files cause you \nWas searching yourself and decided to post them on fb cause you were like hey I like that photo. Duh
 
 lol how would they be secret if they are public. ROFL
 
 lol
 
 Ok I was like well..... Conspiracy secret files blah
 
 steal from mommy lol
 
 how are you adding photos? you steal them from your mom or you scanning them at work?
 
 Turkey pan
 
 baster pans etc moms house. Texted it to you too
 
 and yoda I am
 
 pain in my ass you are
 
 I already put the bun in  ;) ROFL
 
 hey just be happy you arent the one waking up at six am to put the damn turkey in 
 
 :P
 
 :*
 
 I gotta have time to defrost it before morning.... :P
 
 kk kk kk :) Mwah
 
 for you to do today. Pick up the TURKEY!! Take Rene to moms! Go to stupid game.....
 
 I no kiss you before you left for work so :* Muah
 
 at least there is some notice
 
 and its not like Sgt Smith who is going to be deployed for a year straight..
 
 I was really hoping I wasnt going to have to worry about this for a year or so
 
 Maybe if I get him alone he will see reason
 
 which wouldnt be anybetter. Well what we are going to have to do
 
 well what I am going to have to do is once you get officially divorced
 
 sit down and talk to Mike and see if I cant figure something out with him.
 
 :/
 
 If I get accepted I may try and go TDY and talk about you staying here until it gets settled... but that may mean you have all 5......
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P hehe
 
 I dont ever wanna bail on you
 
 but you know the drill
 
 if its you or my kids. My babies win every single time
 
 Ive been hoping that for years
 
 hasnt happened yet
 
 hehehe
 
 lol
 
 grr... she can fall offf a cliff den. :/
 
 I know him
 
 not because he wants to fight
 
 but his mom wont let go
 
 he cannot expect someone to stay where he is just because he isnt' moving..
 
 Oh we will
 
 when more info comes out about it. we can see what Mike says...  if we have a custody battle to get ready for
 
 I dont like those answers and I dont know if I could that quickly. I have Rene remember. Unless her dad dies or falls of the planet thats a custody battle and I aint going without her
 
 but by then... you could come with me. :P hehe
 
 and it would end up with my moving.
 
 Fuck
 
 nto sure
 
 or possibly me going TDY.. 
 
 it would be moving. 
 
 ah would that mean youd have to move or would it just be interwebs.
 
 and then I will still apply for my officer program not too far after that
 
 I'm talking about the Military sending me to school for my enlisted job... 
 
 I'm in school for me. 
 
 he he he
 
 Arent you already in school? 
 
 it would change my job to Cyber: Analysis and Production
 
 soo. I might be applying for a school in July. lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 hey hey
 
 I have a monkey child. I should grow a goauld pouch to carry her in. when you getting offish today? Mikey wants home I think
 
 lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 yep what else is new? lol
 
 lol
 
 Saundra cranky butt pain in ass
 
 &lt;3
 
 Stupid volunteering
 
 Whatever
 
 Oh.. btw
 
 Saturday
 
 I have a  Football game I have to be at the stadium at 11am
 
 lol
 
 nope nope nope :P
 
 Mikey stealing a magic card
 
 &lt;3
 
 :*
 
 lol
 
 .... hmm... maybe
 
 I feel poopy
 
 congested and tired and icky. In a year when I start pestering you for a boy remind me I hate being pregnant
 
 ?
 
 Like every other day
 
 today is an owie day
 
 lol 
 
 Outta sudafed and eeeeewwww. Btw brandon txted you.
 
 im sorry... :P take something. orr... drink some hot tea. :P
 
 So congested
 
 &lt;3
 
 No
 
 did your power just go out?
 
 He says hed move in if he could get on and off base without you lol.
 
 Mommy says he cant
 
 hes her baby still apparently
 
 haha
 
 so Mikey move in yet&gt;? lol
 
 :D
 
 :P
 
 Owies no hanky panky for a few days
 
 :)
 
 I'm off Thursday and Friday..
 
 Are you working thanksgiving?
 
 Poor baby your gona be soo fn cranky
 
 mufasa.... Oh....... say it again
 
 Simba your are my son and the one true kimg
 
 boo... I have dental and physical therapy tomorrow
 
 A squash banan
 
 hehee
 
 hakuna matata......
 
 lol
 
 I love raffiki
 
 hahaha
 
 &lt;3 enjoy being a single father babe
 
 joy...
 
 Roflmao
 
 they wanted the kids sizes since I'm a single parent............
 
 Um clothes 5 t  shoes 11 saundra 2t shoes 5
 
 same with Saundra?
 
 what is adams clothes size
 
 and shoe size?
 
 I noticed. 
 
 You left your phone
 
 gtg make food. been 3.5 whole hours since Ive eaten. Shaking like sombitch. stealing yor soday to
 
 ill save atlantis to watch with you when we finish psych lol
 
 Ive only watched like 3 atlantis episodes
 
 maybe 4
 
 I have not watched all of Atlantis though
 
 I missed most of the first few seasons. I dint get intro it until season 4 or so
 
 Ive seen most
 
 but not all.
 
 lol
 
 on Sci Fi
 
 I've seen all of Star Gate SG1 
 
 go ahea. 
 
 Mwah
 
 &lt;3 I will attemt to resist ut of love
 
 fine :P
 
 :P
 
 But but I watching xhildren of the gods already...\tWhen its over ill want more... :(
 
 mine mine mine mine mine
 
 :P
 
 no Star Gate 1
 
 NO NO NO
 
 Cant.watch mythbusters. Have to watch in order and jesse blocksnext five episodes. Maybe ill catch up on nu
 
bers and warehousr. Or maybe start sg1
 
 hehe
 
 It looks like I got attacked by a kitty.
 
 ouchies
 
 Im taking that bottom fricking thing our
 
 fridge scratched the flying fuck out of me. im actually bleeding.
 
 Billy is walking around singing "forty fucking fortnights"\n Thank you sooooo much
 
 :P
 
 &lt;3
 
 ant stop shaking
 
 feel like im having a heart attsck
 
 My po baby...id kiss it make it better but my lips dont work through a computer screen. Btw I made coffee
 
 somehow its just warm....
 
 Im fine when I'm sitting down
 
 :* take meds
 
 I can see you wincing through the computer
 
 you know you want it. :P
 
 uh huh :D
 
 sooo Imma go to bball
 
 and then come throw you against a wall? ;) hehe
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 f bball
 
 to get rene
 
 drop her off
 
 change
 
 and get ready for the game
 
 leaving in like a half an hour
 
 comin home soon? 
 
 lol
 
 who just smacked herself in the head with a blind by pulling it down........
 
 nope
 
 my amazingly spoiled occasionally dense as a post
 
 pretty princess. Mine!
 
 she.. . ... ..  . . is AMAZING and a spoiled lil baby girl... but mine mine mine. .hehe
 
 I felt bad
 
 but at the same time it was fucking hillarious
 
 pain in my ass is what she is
 
 po baby
 
 aundras mad. She got hit in the head with the door She really needs to stop laying down behind it screaming bloody murder
 
 im sorry
 
 ohhhhh
 
 bastards
 
 my nap
 
 what didn't happen?
 
 stupid kids
 
 so didnt happen. Stupidness. Thery are all going to bed early except for Rene because I have no control over her bedtime at her dads
 
 Mwah
 
 have fun. lol
 
 gonna nap &lt;3 u
 
 :P im fricking tired. tired tired tired tired tired tired tired
 
 cause I sure as fuck wont eat em lol
 
 uh huh waiting for you babe
 
 so you still have nummy noodles
 
 lol
 
 had to have a use for leftover chicken :D
 
 lol
 
 I have chicken quesidillas. They are sooooo soooooo soooooooo sooooooooo nummy
 
 :P po baby
 
 and.. unfortunately not coming home for lunch until I pick up rene at like 3.. maybe I'll get out early and eat some of those yummy noodles
 
 booooooored..
 
 this is kinda the important one. 
 
 I hope so too
 
 oh the appt haha
 
 yeah
 
 I meant for eventually
 
 even if it is just tonight when your starving after basketball lol
 
 I hope I can be there.
 
 savin you veggie noodles :*
 
 Im gonna cross my fingers
 
 one because it would make my life easier and two because then you get to be there.
 
 possibly not working... not sure
 
 So right now
 
 unless your somehow magically not working. We have either you drop us off in the morning and take the electric bike to and from phys ther OR you drop us off after phys ther and take the electric bike.
 
 :P
 
 brb
 
 you just need to not work weds and thats al there is to it :P cause your babysitter said so lol
 
 and I would still have to be dropped off at the gate to walk back to work
 
 so in theory you could get out of phys ther and THEN take us to moms
 
 my appt is at 2
 
 boo electric
 
 from like 1030 - 1
 
 you could use the electric
 
 so Imma have to borrow a bicyle from your mom if we do it that way
 
 in the morning
 
 and I have PHysical Therapy that day. 
 
 maybe
 
 Unless I drop you and the kids off at your mums and have her drive the car
 
 and me walk to work 
 
 See if sissy and Mikey can baby sit and just hope the truck work I guess
 
 well that does me no good
 
 we have to figure something out. The truck goes in and out so fuck if I know what Im gonna be able to do
 
 and probably wont know until htat day unfortunately
 
 next Wed I'm not sure.. i dont know if I'm working
 
 Is there any way your going to be able to be off work on wed for my app? Mom doesnt have a car thanks to Kris lol
 
 love you too  still :P :(
 
 hunny I love you.. calm down
 
 :'(
 
 :(
 
 :(
 
 sorry
 
 next time I'll just wake you up
 
 rile yo up and then I'll go to sleep 
 
 i no want to wake you up at midnight. 
 
 :P :P
 
 yeah which is why you watched porn last night instead of me getting sex uh huh totally believe you. Butthead assface :P
 
 :P so you say
 
 grrrr... silly pregnant woman.. .I am sorry about the game last night..   you are NOT a blimp so hush.. :P   
 
 I dont need your pity sex
 
 :P
 
 yeah right Whatever
 
 GRRRRRRRR!  quit it. :P    grr grr grrrrr
 
 you konw what... when I get home from the Basket ball game
 
 Imma beat it up and down the bedroom just to prooooove you incorrect. :P :P :P grrr
 
 you know what I see what it is. You just dont want to have sex with me cause Im a blimp :'(
 
 haha
 
 see. yo to tird fo sx
 
 soo sooo soooo sooo sooooooooooo tired
 
 Im sooooo tired
 
 your insane
 
 so helpful flup
 
 by Katey HAHAHAHHA\n\n
 
  :P ;)
 
 hunny.. go get poked
 
 Dont let me forget to get my blood drawn. I keep putting it off and it needs to get done this weekend
 
 Oh I already did that
 
 and tried to explain why breathing was important
 
 :P\n
 
 and smack him
 
 yea you can throw them out.
 
 can I toss the plastic bags from your splints? Billy has already suggested wearing them as hats
 
 hahaha
 
 yeah none of them are that coordinated lol. Getting them to put the toys away pushes their limits. Rene sweeping ends with dust everywhere
 
 who knows.. make the kids sweep. lol
 
 im so not moving today
 
 I feel like I have lead strapped to every appendage. Fuck cleaning. I did dishes and wiped counters. I can go one day without cleaning the floor right?
 
 :P :P :P
 
 :P&lt;3
 
 :l]
 
 hehe robot
 
 :|]
 
 whatever  dont worry about it
 
 your a boy. Boys are addicted to video games and become brain dead while playing. I know this
 
 :'( :'(
 
 uh huh sure :P 
 
 :'(  imma sorry................
 
 uh huh but its more affective then when I come in and go "baby sex" cause then you just go "when this game is over
 
 just one more game
 
 just one more game" then forget I even talked to you
 
 and poking ends up hurting and its annoying. :P
 
 i no rush through :P
 
 If I come down stairs and poke you it means hey sex time. Its a test of your mood. If you cant deal with the poking then there is no way in hell youll stop playing for the ten minutes it will take you to rush through sex :P
 
 you came downstairs and poked me :P
 
 you didn't say you wanted sexy time
 
 uh huh sure....still picked video game over sexy time with gf who feels like a whale. Way to stroke my ego :P
 
 sorry.. it was the first night to a new game. :P
 
 lol Mwah
 
 Im not mad Im sexually frustrated
 
 last night I was mad
 
 this morning im too tired to have any strong emotions lol. Besides. My bf lets me sleep extra five minutes in the morning and gives me kisses on the cheek. Its endearing :D
 
 &lt;(")  YOU CAN"T BE MAD AT THE PENGUIN!!!
 
 hmmm more chapstick and lotion. 
 
 btw remind me that I need to get chapstick and more lotion
 
 duh
 
 cause maybe then I wouldnt be asleep and would have the energy to jump him
 
 and why do you think that? :P
 
 :P
 
 I think I just need to get laid
 
 which might happen at some point soon if my bf wouldnt stay up until 12 am playing video games and playing on the compouter.........
 
 cheer her up
 
 still think you need to curl up with a bottle of sparkling cider
 
 her with SoCo   and you two need to get friendly. 
 
 good cause it aint gonna happen
 
 well I dont want to say
 
 'get trashed
 
 and get all lezzie wwhile you're preggo' :P
 
 yeah cause that works.....
 
 well invite her over and get tipsy on sparkling cider. ROFL
 
 haha I cant. Im just not attracted to vaginas. Maye if I were drunk
 
 then maybe you should follow through :P
 
 cause she knows I would never follow through
 
 :P you all suck ha no
 
 cause she would get annoyed
 
 you should start hitting on her to piss him off. HAA
 
 :P :P :P :P
 
 I hope he didnt
 
 the ass face. He needs to pull his head out his butt and just fucking open his mouth. What is it with you mens. We tell you its okay if you tell us and you still lie. Its fucking annoying. Stupid boys
 
 rofl
 
 hopefully he got some out of it
 
 not surprising
 
 she needed it
 
 yup
 
 the one with the bottle yea
 
 seems like she got fuuucked up last night. HAHA
 
 did you see Kateys pic today?
 
 lol
 
 meme made me think of you. BF thinks her sexytime outfit sooooo sexy
 
 picks computer over sexy time
 
 lol
 
 I clicked on your thingy and the last thing I sent you was me complaining I had no pickles or oranges and then you brought me some. &lt;3
 
 ?  what I do? :P
 
 &lt;3 your so sweety\n
 
 ^left
 
 im out of oranges and I only have one pickle yet. today is going to be difficult
 
 :*
 
 &lt;(") PENGUIN!
 
 :)
 
 :D
 
 :P
 
 oh right forgotted about thtat one
 
 and the fittings for my insoles
 
 :D I thought you just had the phys today
 
 I'll get them after myapointments
 
 Oh and sugar cause im almost out and I will need it for coffee tomorrow
 
 s
 
 &lt;3 oranges
 
 chocolate
 
 dishwasher soap and dill pickles. :D Pretty pwretty prweeeeeeeeeeettttttttttttyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  Pwease With sugar and cherrys and sprinkles on top. Oh and french fried.
 
 :D
 
 hopefully the market keeps recovering
 
 ( :D )
 
 now I'm almost even again
 
 i lost like 4 grand a couple months ago because of the recession
 
 yay for you?
 
 I'm back up to about even in my TSP (thrift savings plan...my 401K through the military)
 
 $10
 
207.08   hehe
 
 I have no clue what you did with the other ones. I assume you left them upstairs but fuck if I know
 
 I dont think the straight black ones fit
 
 I know the black beat up ones are in the basket I dont know what you did with the red/black ones and your shirts are in the basket
 
 I Have Phys Therapy today
 
 hey..\ndo you know where my shorts and a random shirt is?
 
 I think they blew my ear drums
 
 lol
 
 OMG SHAAARRRAAARRRRRRRRRRRKKKKKKKKSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
 
 we are discussing carnivores and how humans are meat popsicles
 
 they are very excited
 
 lol
 
 were watching blue planet...looky whales!
 
 lol
 
 Youd ont really have a choice. I dont do....Yardwork
 
 :P
 
 I think I can deal with that. lol
 
 lol
 
 you do the outside stuff
 
 I do the house stuff. Minus the garbage cause thats a man job
 
 uh uh I not mean
 
 meany
 
 mwha
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 thats preeeeeettty much all you do :P
 
 you go to work then you buy me necessities
 
 hey its your job you know
 
 I want oranges
 
 Id drink your orange juice but its all pulpy
 
 whatever woman
 
 ill kick your ass
 
 dont judge me
 
 shut up
 
 oranges... lol
 
 we are out of sugar
 
 and a lot of other important things
 
 like oranges and dishwasher soap. You should fix this
 
 dork
 
 guess I forgot to change it again
 
 so that funky long one worked?
 
 im in
 
 :) pwetty pwease
 
 fuck that if that doesnt work I no clicky. shit
 
 if that doesnt work
 
 do the 'recover password' and I'll tell you what they send me on my email
 
 try DNmOYSU3zrNS5JSFC1\n\n
 
 no worky
 
 the password might be 1q2w3e!Q@W#E
 
 if that doesnt work let me know
 
 and elfman89
 
 neobux is apjelfman
 
 yes red one
 
 neobux password and username
 
 the red on the desk or the green?
 
 which one where?
 
 I was trying to get rid of my headache before I got sick
 
 I dont want to waste it
 
 but I couldn't drink it last night
 
 can you put the NOS into the fridge?
 
 which one?
 
 &lt;3 stop leaving your damn drinks everywhere ass face
 
 seriously youll drop ten degrees in five seconds
 
 its so not out of uniform
 
 it "was raining outside"
 
 and its still 91 in here
 
 even a huge industrial fan
 
 and the fans are on
 
 can't look out of uniform. and covered in water would be. lol
 
 go wet yourself down in the bathroom and turn on a fan
 
 its ridiculous in here
 
 its how I made it through summers in a tin can with no swamp or ac
 
 squirt bottle of cold water and a fan
 
 the rest of the building is fine
 
 our room is broke
 
 
 
 why do they have the heat so high? their thermostat broke or they just weird
 
 buy one of those squirty fans you know
 
 do it yourself swamp cooler. 
 
 LITERALLY!
 
 its 92 degrees in here
 
 po baby
 
 I hate my office....
 
 lol
 
 Adam is never alowed to have a bagel again. He gave his piece away for the second time in two days. He is forbidden from bagels
 
 my stomach is offended :P
 
 getting ready to leave for lunch
 
 teeth brushing
 
 and changing into a red shirt. lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 okey dokey. thank you
 
 just your two red t shirts. they are both in the basket with the rest of your clothing in the laundry room
 
 I get to 'carol' fora holiday party. lol
 
 any idea where a red shirt is?
 
 sounds good to me lol
 
 and Walmart is doing Lay-a-way
 
 so we can go this month. lol
 
 no heater
 
 ohh poor katey
 
 do you wanna go xmas shopping this month or wait till next month?
 
 so were only a little broke lol
 
 yeppers
 
 so we need to make sure we have like 222 available at the end of this month
 
 the money from internet still hasn't come out from last month
 
 yeah and then have to set aside money for cable and insurance and something else I dont remember :P
 
 and we get paid in 8 days
 
 i put 200 on the Star Card so that covers gas
 
 obviously
 
 tell cold chick to put on a sweater and turn on a fan. Lol close to
 
 we gotta save for christmas and you need 40 for bowling and then gas money
 
 dish soap cause we are out.....
 
 we broke
 
 Available Balance : \n$726.16 
 
 (the heat is on overtime here)
 
 yay
 
 Balance : \n$247.43 
 
 yay
 
 well the bills are paid...
 
 how is it 85? its 45 outside
 
 and I'm dying
 
 its 85 here at work.
 
 grrrr
 
 f that we have a heater :P Its a comfy 70 in here. And smells like toast 
 
 blanket. 
 
 ROFL
 
 lol
 
 not funny
 
 traumatizing. Toooooooooooo cold
 
 lol
 
 its 45 degrees out. Im not comfortable with this
 
 didnt work so well
 
 I tried lol
 
 nighty night
 
 gonna nap on the couch with the babers
 
 I think you only didnt see it coing because you werent looking for it. Lacking the vision you is
 
 I came in one day
 
 and he was like
 
 hey
 
 i'm getting divorced. 
 
 I thought he was all happily ever after. 
 
 Sgt Littleton is getting divorced...
 
 the weather is so yucky.
 
 lol
 
 :'(
 
 okay so no I will not be sleeping tonight lol
 
 then basketball from 330 till.. I have no clue
 
 so I'll be at the dentist from noon till whenver
 
 just looked at the calander
 
 oh yea.... I have the dentist and the basketball game today
 
 is not
 
 is sad. I like being a big girl who can go to sleep by herself you know
 
 its cute. ;p\nhaha\n
 
 Im serious
 
 when your not in bed I dont sleep anymore. Its pathetci
 
 :P lol :D
 
 oh oooook. 
 
 im so fn tired. Seriously you need to lay down with me at like 7 tonight so ill sleep then go play video games
 
 :D
 
 hey a girl worries
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 &lt;3 be a good boy today :P
 
 ill try but last time the kids and I booked it through three no problem
 
 I dont think you deserve any
 
 I mean its pizza for the house
 
 so that would involve you being at the house at some point today :P lol
 
 Pretty pretty please
 
 making pizza for dinner
 
 maybe Ill save you a slice\n
 
 Mwah
 
 &lt;3 btw
 
 now adams tummy hurts. Seriously fucking kids detiriorating around me
 
 piece of bread and a quarter of a tums
 
 bread or rolls. 
 
 lol
 
 fuck if I know
 
 she is all pissy again and sitting at the table...methinks she wnats food.. bread it is lol
 
 maybe something from yesterday that the kids let her get ahold of or sumthin
 
 idk
 
 hmm.. none of that is off... 
 
 cereal for breakfast
 
 bite of orange
 
 she had a sandwhich and chips for lunch
 
 I dont remember anything that would upset her tummy
 
 hmm.. what did she eat?
 
 apparently..
 
 apparently she had an upset tummy
 
 princess just threw up on me and now shes laughing and playing like no biggy
 
 have fun
 
 kk
 
 lol well imma go snuggle on the couch with saundra zilla. its so weird her being like this
 
 me the first one
 
 kris the second one
 
 Magic cards?  you have no more imagination than that? :P\n \xb7 15:26Pretty much have everything else. And kiera has forbidden me from paying for them myself
 
 I want to restart my collection. Hence asking for them as a gift.
 
 lol
 
 yeah cause your gonna be home all the time to make sure it never happens. yeah right. Saundra is talking and singing and not trying to get out of the swaddle...... 28.00 plus shipping
 
 how much was the magic thingy
 
 no :P (hmph) :P
 
 My kids will have binky. You kiss my bum
 
 so :P
 
 and they dont suck their thumbs
 
 my kids didn't have one. 
 
 fuck that baby will have a binky
 
 cause I can make it disappear at seven months. Thumbs dont detach when I want them to move on
 
 for anyone
 
 EVER
 
 no no no binky
 
 baby blanky and all
 
 i just need a pascifier and its like having a ginormous newborn. Po baby
 
 i have a very big baby snuggling in my arms right now.
 
 1000 Magic the Gathering Cards - Playsets (No More Than Four of Any One Card)
 
 Includes 100 Land - No Foil 
 
 If you must know this is what I want http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B001F8I8OG/ref=mp_s_a_16?qid=1320435666&amp;sr=8-16\n..
 
 ok
 
 lol
 
 hey Imma forward a message kris sent me. with what he wants for his birthday.. I dont want to open the link at work. I dont know what it is. 
 
 maybe its just a bad day.
 
 I dont think 2 yr olds can get colic
 
 saundra is a mess
 
 she wont sleep
 
 she wont stop crying
 
 she isnt hungry
 
 isnt thirsty I dont know what the hell is wrong with her...is there such thing as colic in two year olds? I have her mostly calm
 
 shes still hiccuping from screaming
 
 but I had to fucking swaddle her to do it
 
 found a like 500-600 dollar computer. :P
 
 ttyl deary
 
 have fun
 
 Imma go watch die hard 2
 
 love you too bozo
 
 uh huh yeah sure you do
 
 hmm.... love you
 
 f you and your bowling and volunteering and me being stuck at home and :P
 
 so I can't come home at 8 H:AHA
 
 bowling is at like 6
 
 well since the kids are actually napping so long as your home before 8 youll be home soon enough to help me shove them in bed
 
 hahaha bowling will fix your headache? yeah ight
 
 headache needs to go away. LOL\n
 
 Hmmmm bowling....
 
 good it will save your ass from lung scaring
 
 atleast for now :D
 
 well Ihaven't been more than 10 feet from my computer
 
 I hvaen't been out of my office
 
 the weather probably isnt helping
 
 its making my head hurt. The wind always stirs everything up. You and the kids are liable to get Valley Fever today if your out too much lol
 
 true
 
 who knows when that'll be
 
 po' baby
 
 when you get home I will kiss it make it better.
 
 ouchies
 
 ouchies
 
 :P whatever... ouchies
 
 same diff
 
 just what wimps call a headache :P ;)
 
 migraine.. :P
 
 Adams Passed out
 
 Billys sleeping on the couch with his eyes open and Saundra still hasnt even attempted to take a nap. What the hell is wrong with that girl. Oh and its probably from your uniform
 
 you hate it so much you gave yourself a headach :P
 
 lol
 
 Movie
 
 The movoe
 
 ?
 
 oh yeah
 
 die hard bitches
 
 :) hehe
 
 Love doll face
 
 :P
 
 They have death becomes her now. I could have swarn they didnt have it when I searched last time
 
 :P
 
 &lt;3
 
 retard
 
 edgar.... allen. PO!... hehe he must be related to the Tellitubbies
 
 poe edgar not po dork face
 
 :P
 
 po... po po po... edgar :D
 
 my entire digestive tract hates me thanks to shilo
 
 I win. haha no po' as in poor but you know ghettoer
 
 :D
 
 edgar
 
 po? po po po
 
 po baby
 
 ouch!
 
 owe.....
 
 neck ache
 
 head ache...
 
 uh huh
 
 nuh uh
 
 you are such a fruit cake
 
 Freak
 
 hehe I caught em all
 
 and I say
 
 POKEBALL GO!
 
 Mr. Mime says hello
 
 eek Im running for cover
 
 ROFL\n
 
 it was the mime. 
 
 so we can figure out who is impersonating you
 
 you know step by step
 
 we will have to figure it out
 
 I dont know
 
 but you said it wasnt you
 
 what did i apparently do? :P\n
 
 genuine mystery on our hands
 
 if it "wasnt you" then who was it?\n
 
 what?
 
 awkward
 
 wasn't me. 
 
 :P
 
 :)
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 and yeah my credit score is like -100
 
000
 
 lol Im paying kelly so thats out of the way
 
 and the state will take all of my state refund for them so probably a couple hundred dollars will be knocked off. Then I plan on taking my federal to throw a big chunk off of something else
 
 cuz once we get married
 
 you will kill my credit. lol
 
 guess we shoudl start payin huh?
 
 6600
 
 and The 4400 isnt on mty credit score because its through kelly. So on my credit theres only 5600 ish
 
 over ten grand
 
 seems lazy
 
 you have nothing.. so they can't take anything. ROFL
 
 u can alwasy declare bankruptcy
 
 lol 
 
 it doesnt but the court system didnt agree with me and garnished my wages remember. And added a bunch of crap onto my 500.00 credit limit card
 
 thought you said that didn't exist
 
 plus the divorce fees so 10500.00
 
 sooooo about 10
 
000
 
 and the 5
 
ooo that I now apparently owe citibank
 
 and the 600 or whatever for you liscense
 
 it was 4000 but theres about 400 in interest from his bank
 
 4400.00 give or take
 
 lol what do you owe him?
 
 My college loan is paid off and my lawyer loan was through uncle kelly :P
 
 I dont either so there
 
 I don' t have college loans
 
 or lawyer loans. :P
 
 less then mine 
 
 lol
 
 so now my total debt is like.... 4600$
 
 is very true
 
 better than the like 2400 is started out at
 
 only twelve hundred dollars so only another 6 months to a year lol
 
 oh crap I knew I forgot something
 
 oh I owe Marissa's grandparents 1200 dollars (thats what is left)
 
 &lt;3
 
 you forgot to get me contact solution
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 she wants you :P
 
 kk 
 
 see yous soon &lt;3
 
 imma go cook.
 
 perv
 
 roflmao
 
 It was nice cept I could've slept all day I'm tired and I probably wouldn't jump on her lol I'd be afraid to hurt her lol.\nhow would you hurt her. :P rofl.Report \xb7 15:10Jumping in general can hurt someone and I'll get into the details only with her ;).
 
 "she is a very attractive women tho lol ;D ."
 
 shes not pissed
 
 shes giving me shit because she knows I aint a lesbo
 
 "Lol hehe well it made me feel special lmao I'd be honored lol ."
 
 funny funny
 
 I told her I wasn't trying to piss her off. and I was just making jokes
 
 lol
 
 off to cook see you in a bit
 
 your magic
 
 you respond without being online!!! epic scariness.
 
 haha
 
 "your hubby is a typical man girly"
 
 lol
 
 I put a warm cloth on adams legs
 
 youd think id poured boiling water on the kid lol
 
 okey dokey
 
 Imma give adam tylonol. The webmd says that if you remove the pain it will make it easier for them to use it/stretch it etc
 
 kk
 
 need to bathe the kids tonight\n
 
 Hahaha yeah no not foing to england
 
 yet :P
 
 Im not english
 
 nor in england
 
 in England there is no costume
 
 :P they are just called Nanny's 
 
 :p
 
 No costume!!
 
 Nah
 
 lesbian maid
 
 hehe
 
 a lesbian nanny? 
 
 Saundrs wont sleep. Brat
 
 A maid to scrub my walls
 
 Yeah right dork face
 
 computer. :P ;) hehe
 
 fuck if I know what else
 
 kids beds
 
 book cases
 
 dressers
 
 rugs
 
 
 
 what is our long
 
 extensive want/need list?
 
 mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 what?
 
 hey guess what?
 
 your ridiculous
 
 I'm getting cheaper. lol
 
 hehe I built a 1300$ computer..
 
 and im not even gonna mention the laundry
 
 Just the way it goes.  I hate that I dont have the energy to clean the way I want to. The walls still need to be scrubbed
 
 the blinds need to be wiped down
 
 the floor needs to be hand scrubbed and I am too tired to move
 
 lol
 
 house is cleaned
 
 even mopped. It will be a pit again by the time you get back
 
 :p 
 
 like this is new for me
 
 your always stressed
 
 bored/busy
 
 and mildly stressed. lol
 
 I'm bored
 
 busy
 
 etc..
 
 :P boo
 
 issues much? you dont get to watch :P
 
 haha
 
 so me and Katey are organizing your lesbian adventure. ROFL
 
 your to do list: Buy contact solution and case
 
 clean off and organize computer desk
 
 put the shit on the kitchen counter away
 
 08 nov 1330     14 nov 1100  16 nove 1100        22nov 1330       28nov 1330   30 nov 1100         02dec 1115        and the ortho is 8th @ 2
 
 on the computer desk theres the paper work that says.....
 
 on the computer?
 
 :)
 
 hey
 
 when you get a second
 
 can you give me all the dates and times that are on the computer from my appointment yesterday?
 
 its primarily military that use it
 
 ive never heard of it until you started talking about it
 
 but it seems like here its a little lacking. lol
 
 I used this site for everything in England. 
 
 nice
 
 ^^ bunk beds for sale
 
 http://dm.bookoo.com/item23588577.html?itemId=23588577
 
 lol
 
 Go here
 
 http://dm.bookoo.com/
 
 u online?
 
 im going to go clean. 
 
 its kinda awkward.
 
 okay Adams walking better/like a strong ma
 
 getting ready to pay VS
 
 
 
 and $200 to the STAR Card
 
 just sent 100$ to marissa's Grandma for the loan I'm paying them for
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt;3
 
 ty
 
 In dryer
 
 did you get my stuff washed? :)
 
 when I leave she'll have to be ready..
 
 kk    waiting on someone to come take over so I can leave
 
 &lt;3 mikey has a bag of stuff/ my contacts waiting for you
 
 :D
 
 in like an hour(ish)
 
 I see you soon to get Rene Marie?
 
 I know
 
 I want a container of frosting. But im already fat
 
 hahaha
 
 makes me want a spoonful of frosting
 
 her son and frosting. 
 
 jkjk
 
 either you just called me Katey or your imagining her naked with frosting lol
 
 lol....that sounds really bad.
 
 Damn Katey now I want frosting...
 
 it was freaky
 
 lol hahha
 
 your daughter just shit neon blue. Im blaming the lollipop
 
 put not but
 
 512
 
 so it keeps getting but off
 
 hehe
 
 Including an eye exam about a hundred
 
 a little over
 
 that graphics card. .. does it tsay 512Mb or 1GB on it?
 
 how much are new ones. ?
 
 I figured Id have her pull them out for you but you will still have to pick up a case and solution later so I can take them back out tonight. Michelle as in my Aunt Michelle. These are her spares Im wearing since mine broke and I couldnt afford new ones
 
 I'll be rushing
 
 um you can always tell your mom to get them since I dont know where they are. :P and I can pick them up when I drop off Nene... but I wont have a lot of time
 
 who is michelle?
 
 ?
 
 I need you to pick up contact solution today and get my contacts out of the plastic drawers in the bathroom at moms. Michelle wants her glasses back
 
 whatever thats what you said last time :P
 
 NOT buying
 
 curious.
 
 i wanted to make sure. I'm looking to see if anyone has ran BF3 with two of those cards running together.
 
 you had the number :P
 
 hd 4350
 
 the like 4350 or whatever it is on the cover
 
 Will too be fat and which number
 
 can you type what the number on that graphics card box is? Pretty please? 
 
 u won't be fat. 
 
 Imma be fat :'( Hormones are killing me I know its over reacting and Im apposed to gain weight but I DONT WANNA BE FAT!
 
 lol
 
 except saundra who would just point at the frosting and scream
 
 Sounds like all of them
 
 ROFL
 
 did you see Katey's update.. her son tried to pull an Adam
 
 Ive spent so much effort losing it is pissing me off
 
 I am...Ive gained like 14 pounds already :( 
 
 :P
 
 Im getting fat :(
 
 Imma kill the boys. Billy emptied out the milk and started dumping the eggnog and Adam took the goddamn pizza cutter upstairs. Youd better get home soon for their sakes because my throat is raw from yelling and they are now both in the corner until Im bored
 
 haha.
 
 I need a new head and the kids are in
 
ved by 5
 
 HAHAHA
 
 F that shit
 
 ROFL
 
 Subtotal*\t$5435.00 (plus tax &amp; shipping)
 
 HA HAHA HAHAHAA
 
 hehe I built a computer online... just to see what it would cost.......
 
 lol
 
 Hm according to my phone you still lack a profile pic
 
 The lot of them
 
 they wont nap but they are all exhausted to ridiculousness. Gonna lose my mind
 
 Pain in my butt child
 
 smart lil devil
 
 Apparently he figured out that the door wasnt locked even though I shut it. 
 
 Yep
 
 I heard a clack above my head and waited a minute before going up stairs. He booked it from the corner of his room and I looked behind his bed and there was the make up kit. 
 
 but gr.....
 
 and cute..
 
 grrr....
 
 stop trying to creep me out I swear that freaky clown was in my dreams. Speaking of mimes...guess who snuck in the bathroom to steal the halloween makeup.
 
 I feel wuvved... MIME KISS! he he he
 
 :D &lt;3
 
 still &lt;3 you anyway
 
  i know but shilo doesnt
 
 :'(
 
 I no know where to get doggies...
 
 sonoran hot dogs and now Krispy Kremes are the only two things tht I have WANTED WANTED NEEEEEEDED
 
 instead of just ooooh I want that. And I havent gotten either
 
 Shilo is learning dissapointment
 
 how so?
 
 When Shilo wants something Shilo wants something
 
 however so far whatever Shilo wants Shilo cant get lol
 
 rofl
 
 I want chocolate
 
 well honestly I want like a dozen Krispy Kreme doughnuts but I cant get those and the candy is in the laundry room
 
 wow. lol you lil thief
 
 mine mine mine mine mine mine mine mine
 
 mine 
 
 all th ecandy wil be mine
 
  craving sugar
 
 waiting for the children to look away so I can steal all their candy
 
 Seriously that picture even creeps me out. Its disturbing hon
 
 creepy and disturbing and wrong
 
 &lt;(") &lt;-- Penguin says MIME FACE!!!!!
 
 what?
 
 guess.... what......
 
 guess what...
 
 I tend to try not to talk about things online if Im really paranoid :P
 
 lol
 
 there is very little that actually bugs me anymore
 
 lol
 
 you know its harder to differentiate online right. :P
 
 :D
 
 cause its fun
 
 I was just giving you shit about her
 
 ? y
 
 not about katey no
 
 the kids are all having melt downs
 
 paramnoided girly
 
 I cant wait for you to not be at work
 
 :P
 
 whatever
 
 me no hit on gurl :P
 
 Rene was staring at me while I typed that
 
 I was concentrating so hard my tongue was sticking out lol. Im so not street 
 
 lol
 
 fo shizzle!
 
 i got game chica
 
 whatev u tripn
 
 i was snozn by haf past leven and u was just startin to play. fo realz
 
 and I went to bed at midnight. :P
 
 I aint be hitn on yo womn girl
 
 and seriously if your gonna stay up till three am do the clickys so I aint gotta :P
 
 :P
 
 damn right
 
 dont be hitting on my woman. Ill fight you for her
 
 ur gf you can have her. 
 
 she had a status update about missing hubby so I asked where he was. :P
 
 I'm not..
 
 btw hitting on my woman? I mean really..back of my gf
 
 so so so so so so so wrong
 
 Thats so wrong
 
 scary creepiness?
 
 Rocky Horror Picture Show. ROFL\n
 
 Juuust figured out what adams costume reminded me of. 
 
 lmao
 
 Rene and I watched Mars needs moms and Cried on the couch while Billy looked at us confused patting our shoulders saying "shhh okay shhhhh is kay"
 
 dork
 
 look up on yahoo
 
 New York city gold mining
 
 heheh
 
 you had to put that creepy pic up even on that profile
 
 :)
 
 &lt;3
 
 Okay not a babers a one year oldish child but still
 
 I get to play with a babers
 
 Hes coming into town in december! Coming into town in Decemeber!
 
 Nope
 
 
 
 you waaaaaant him. :P
 
 I miss him so much
 
 haha
 
 uh huh
 
 Jerms is my rat faced dweeb and his woman is the chick he lost his virginity to
 
 lol nerds
 
 I went to college with Jeremy. Him and his woman named their baby after Tesla
 
 ?? lol ok?
 
 Jeremy and his wife are gonna be in town around Christmas. Im so EXCITED! I finally get to meet baby Nikolai
 
 besides
 
 I already did a load of laundry
 
 load of dishes
 
 swept and changed your babies poopoo but so there :P
 
 :P
 
 your a dork
 
 stop typing like your sister
 
 roflcopter
 
 ROFLMAO
 
 den hush yo mouf gurl an du wat yu tode
 
 &lt;3 you forever if you bring actual coffee
 
 even if its just shopette crap
 
 please please
 
 yes please
 
 do you still want caffeine.......
 
 :P I'm almost done. : P :P
 
 only a little bit blah blah blah :P
 
 I figured youd be happy im eating
 
 I am dork hence my excitment
 
 then bake some. L:P
 
 ?
 
 COOKIES!!!!!
 
 Idk nothing looks good. Just one of those days I guess lol
 
 chicken?
 
 arent' there still some in the fridge?
 
 Roflmao
 
 tacos? lol
 
 What do I want to eat?
 
 haha
 
 He cant say fresh
 
 ?
 
 Billy is drinking "fish" coffee
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 I know cr#epy when touve only been gone an h(ur or so. But im hormonal lol
 
 mwha
 
 Miss yo
 
 blah blah blah blah blah
 
 and Halloween should be fun :) lol
 
 we get paid on Tuesday...  
 
 Im so stressed about everything. Groceries
 
 money
 
 halloween
 
 monkey butts everything
 
 :D
 
 well.. My evaluation will look good. HAHA
 
 thank you. :)
 
 all written down for you
 
 hence my assumption he did it
 
 he had colored on his legs
 
 and billy smelled like permenant marker at 3am when I took him downstairs
 
 Nov 7th (4-?)\nNov 9th (4-?)\nNov 23th (3-?)\nJan 26th (5-?)\nFeb 9th (no clue)
 
 oh and the boys colored in permanent marker on the fridge. Im assuming Billy but they both agreed Adam did it so Im confused
 
 grrr.
 
 Adam not only pooped in his room he decided to hide it in socks and let it dry. So his room smells like poo and we are down like three socks
 
 tuf luck :P
 
 screw volunteer schedule stuff.
 
 let me know whne you are back. I need you to write down some 'volunteer' schedule stuff
 
 hmm. no clue. I turned the internet off last night.. so I guess I was still logged in. anyways. the kids had a couple programs running. probably just clicked somefin
 
 brb gotta go beat adam for pooping in his room again
 
 no I just turned on the internet. And you were logged on looking at pics of some chick and her bf
 
 u on me facebook? lol
 
 are you going to be home anytime near dinner?
 
 :P
 
 and when did we lose the ability to converse like adults?
 
 is interwebs yelling :P
 
 me no yelly
 
 me type very enthusiastically because me no kno where hotdoggy's are :P
 
 you yelly at her &lt;-----she flinch and cry &lt;----------
 
 I dont know where they are
 
 they moved my usual spot for that gas station
 
 &lt;(") &lt;-- you no telly where they are
 
 &lt;(") &lt;-- He no buy'y
 
 I seriously just flinched from the other side of the computer
 
 relax on the billy mays key
 
 hehe
 
 holy shit
 
 :P
 
 chill
 
 omg
 
 DONT KNOW WHERE THEY ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 im so hungry and its soooo goood and you wont get me two dollar hot dogs sooooo
 
 a 10 pack for the kids
 
 probably lol
 
 so I'm taking out like 40$ from your account. lol
 
 and then the kids will want plain
 
 supreme and supreme chalupas and cinnamon twists
 
 what tacos do you want?
 
 anyways...
 
 :P
 
 still no clue
 
 I want taco bell
 
 and the cinnamon crisp things
 
 what the hell are you talking about?
 
 supreme tacos? and maybe a couple supreme chalupas? and and and those cinnamon styrofoam things?
 
 :P :P :P :P
 
 :D
 
 s
 
 and you cant use pizza because I paid for food with food money :P
 
 and.... I'll put gas in the car. come to the house
 
 take money out of your card and go get taco
 
 :P
 
 still more then me
 
 80 :P
 
 cause you said you needed gas for bowling
 
 50 + 20 + 10
 
 I dont know Im guesstimating gas
 
 graphics card
 
 and bowling
 
 or taco bell tacos
 
 130?
 
 I just want 10 worth of hot dogs
 
 you get to spend 130.00 on toys and bowling
 
 cause its funny
 
 and take 20$ from the jug for bowling\n
 
 sorry do you see the ridiculousness
 
 HAHAHAHAHA
 
 
 
 so I'll put 10$ in from the star card tonight
 
 because of Bowling tomorrow\\
 
 we def need gas...
 
 plus we have the jug if you absoloutely need gas 
 
 and you said you had 15 on your star for gas
 
 sucks to be you. Told you I didnt have any gas money. Guess youll have to walk to work :P
 
 hehe
 
 what bout gas? :P
 
 see I can do math. And you cant bitch cause you bought a graphics card :P
 
 so....$65.00 worth of groceries? that leaves 33.00 for dinner tonight :) 
 
 would mean 98.00 left for until monday
 
 198.00-100.00
 
 $51.00 tomorrow I get 147 so thats.......198.00
 
 :P :( ugh but I want so bad. Or a taco.....do I have money in my account?
 
 and going to get a sonora dog is WAYYYYYYYY out of the way. :P especially with no gas. :P
 
 is all the way over there&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
 
 house phone
 
 :P 
 
 cant call
 
 my phone is dying
 
 :p
 
 umm.... you call ur mom
 
 when she was
 
 :P
 
 or was she stating she craved them when she was prego
 
 call my mom
 
 katey? No
 
 katy's pregnant? lol
 
 me no know how git
 
 :'(
 
 but but but but but but but but but but but but but but SHILO WANT :(
 
 but but I'm not your mommy :P
 
 my mommy would know
 
 will kill them all
 
 seriously
 
 will kill for them
 
 I dont fucking know
 
 theres money in the jug. I NEEEEEEEEEEEEED hot dog
 
 no clue where to get it... broke.. and no clue where to get it. :P
 
 i want a sonoran hot dog. I want I want I want I want I want I need I need 2 of them. At least. Bring me a Sonoran hot dog!!!!
 
 lol
 
 sure....a bug just "crap scared out Adam"
 
 I'd give her shit for killing her car.. 
 
 I've never met her and dont really talk to her. :P
 
 how the hell would I hope that. &gt;?
 
 youd just pick her up hoping you would get some
 
 no sex and or sexual interest. lol
 
 cant*
 
 and if I had gas
 
 and the ability of leavign
 
 I would go pick katey up.. but i canot
 
 I dont see a differnece. lol
 
 lol they are girlfriends not girlfriends lol. You know best friends who are chicks vs the lesbian thing
 
 but I want some tooooooooo lol
 
 Katey Jackee Taylor\nso 3?\n
 
 and how many do you have? :P
 
 katey
 
 Which gf
 
 you're gf is stranded on the side of the road....
 
 I dont give a shit about him except his taste is worse then yours as when you were with her she was with her kids. 
 
 done give ryenn that promotion... He's not Satan. I AM!!!! hehe
 
 He wont leave my lapand my heart ia broken and im hormonal and tired and shes fucking satan. 
 
 I dont plan on seeing her anytime soon and bitch will get hit when I do. Even if its ten yrs from now
 
 it will make my life harder
 
 and the kids harder when it becomes a knock down drag out custody battle
 
 nuh uh
 
 I know
 
 but hes fucking four
 
 his mom should ficking be here and fucking care and he shouldnt have to "be ok" and I will punch her next time I see her. Im breaking her nose
 
 so everytime she looks in the mirror she will rememver how she failed as a parent. Yeah a lil transference there but whatever bitch still getting hit
 
 he'll be ok
 
 hims me sun
 
 &lt;(") PENGUIN
 
 :P :P :P :P
 
 Poor baby boy. Makes me so mad
 
 :P  :P :P
 
 Ok that makes me a lil less paranoid :) only cause there is no where for you to go :P
 
 AND&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;I'm not going anywhere
 
 lol
 
 she's still married
 
 and said she doesnt' care that he isnt' talking to her
 
 she loves him
 
 Im all a lil paranoid/jealous because now in my head she isnt taken and im waiting for you to change your mind. When she was "hapoily" married I was fine lol
 
 what do you mean
 
 I was doing okay until last night :P its all sammys hubbys fault
 
 Twinge e
 
 twingy?
 
 Im trying not to be twingy. But im doing it. 
 
 :P :P
 
 \n:P
 
 :P
 
 Roflmao
 
 but but but. lol
 
 Uh no
 
 the minute you let me bring a guy in
 
 ill let you bring in a girl. Besides
 
 shes happily married
 
 ROFL
 
 sorry to her hubby
 
 he no get none
 
 well fine. we can bring her over and you and me can get her. lol
 
 Shes to small and shes like me. Ahe likes being a sub
 
 lol fine
 
 katey would be the 'guy' . lol 
 
 Nope
 
 statistically
 
 you have the highest probability of messing around or leaving :P
 
 \nLol na
 
 I like being the girl and a 5 ft tall little woman isnt strong enough to play tge man
 
 you'd have the strapon. ROFL
 
 well you'd at least cheat on me with her. :P
 
 Lol ya not so mucb
 
 id have to be a lesbian first
 
 I'm still waiting for you to leave me for Katey. lol
 
 Roflcopter yeah totally
 
 ROFLMFAO
 
 you silly lil girl with beastiality tendencies. :P
 
 Yes just like a puppy
 
 like a puppy hehe
 
 I adore you
 
 :P :)
 
 &lt;3 
 
 Lol ya right
 
 gotta wait an hour or so for the kids to go down
 
 night night
 
 Nap time needed. So bad
 
 I know
 
 but I think knowing makes it worse. I know personally how much it can hurt. It makes me want to hurt her back for being such a whore. She should be steralizzed
 
 just be glad it happened at 4 and not 9 like mine did
 
 But she deserves it
 
 :P\n
 
 no
 
 Poor baby so sad. Wants mama and daddy and cant process a damn thing I say. Can I please punch her? For baby boy
 
 :*
 
 mwah 
 
 &lt;3 btw
 
 I doubt it will make a difference either way
 
 I havent slept more then five hours (with the exception of when I was sick) for a good week now
 
 :P 
 
 lol
 
 so no sex tonight. :P maybe you'll sleep. 
 
 yeah im sure youll appreciate that. Its just so hard to make myself sleep. Im tired but wide awake by the time I climb into bed so then I think one more movie
 
 one more just one more
 
 then I never sleep.
 
 hehe
 
 more time for me and vid games. :)
 
 okey dokey
 
 make me go to bed early tonight. Between the kids and insomnia I didnt fall asleep till like 1 and I am definitely feeling it now
 
 lol
 
 hey veggie tales is fun. So some of them are a little tooo religious but no big
 
 Yuk~
 
 lol the kids just turned on veggie tales a half second ago and it started. but its been in my head for 20+ min. Im psychic. And I love Veggie Tales.
 
 sounds like veggie tales
 
 lol not a show
 
 song from sunday school/serandading the boys ccabin at church camp...there was a show?
 
 omg I hate that show
 
 So Noah he built him
 
 he built him an arky
 
 arky
 
 So Noah he built him
 
 he built him an arky
 
 arky
 
 built it out of gopher barky
 
 barky
 
 muah
 
 :) :*
 
 its at the curb
 
 yep
 
 did you remember to take out the garbage?
 
 off to a meeting
 
 Nothing its wed and im always paranoid youll be late
 
 okey dokey. why whats up?
 
 Hurry home after your meeting :)
 
 Mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 dork
 
 -------&gt; PENGUIN &lt;(")
 
 love you too]
 
 Mwah Love you &lt;3
 
 have fun &lt;3
 
 anyways... off to the Doctors. :) hehe argh~
 
 other has a large cost vs. moral/feeling deficit. lol
 
 stripping is pretty easy to take. 
 
 I didn't say I wnted you to do it 
 
 DID I :P
 
 :P\n
 
 oh so you dont care about me?
 
 but no dental. haha  they should get enough 'teeth cleaner' during work. lol ROFL\n
 
 I'd even include healthcare. :P
 
 hey
 
 if I could get like 5 or 6 people that I don't care about. I wuold Sooooooo do it. lol
 
 haha
 
 lol
 
 wanna be pimp
 
 so sad for you
 
 I am done posting for Intro to Business and Tech
 
 and PISSED off at Principles of Economics
 
 :P
 
 oh my god
 
 anyways. .. 
 
 idk. haha
 
 oh so you want me to go turn tricks?
 
 I can wish. :P
 
 like it would be your money
 
 well they aren't touching if I'm not gettin' paid. :P ROFL
 
 lol I could never actually charge for touching. Trust me Ive thought about it
 
 when broke and picking up food at the food bank. But Ive never quite reached that point :P
 
 and.. how much would you charge. ;) ROFL
 
 oh really? :P like who :P
 
 lol the ones id let touch me you probably wouldnt like 
 
 lol
 
 you could always charge your friends to see you naked
 
 and MORE MORE MORE to touch. ROFL LMFAO HAHAHHAHAHA
 
 lol
 
 lol When I actually believe you wouldnt hold it against me. And maybe after I lose 30 lbs
 
 soo... when are you gonna make 'money' ;) hehe
 
 but Im not enough of a hippy to avoid the evil corporation
 
 :P
 
 nope...
 
 I think WalMart is actually doing the best median for themselves profitwise
 
 and the consumers pricewise
 
 eh while your logical and I will never stop shopping there they still use naughty practives\n
 
 rofl no im good thanks. I could make 2 here if I wanted to do a group thing lol\n
 
 wanna go to North Dakota for a month? rofl
 
 strippers in North Dakota are making 2
 
000 a night. lol
 
 When looking at the Business practices of Wal-Mart and comparing them to the 'fairness' of their own personal business strategy
 
 you must first realize that you have to look at this from an unbiased viewpoint. Wal-Mart is an International company with International interests
 
 (whether that is 'Wal-Mart' in America
 
 or 'Asda" *spelling* in the United Kingdom ((a Wal-Mart owned company)) )  Wal-Mart has to spread its productivity lines throughout the different countries to try to maximize production
 
 with the lowest production cost
 
 and shipping costs.  China seems to currently be the cheapest means to accomplish that goal. That does not mean
 
 however
 
 that Wal-Mart is taking away from the US. It merely states that the products will be cheaper
 
 which will help the US
 
 even with consideration of Factory -line Production jobs suffering.\n\nI believe that Wal-Mart's business Strategy is fair. They only look for the most efficient method to produce a product
 
 ship the product and sell the product
 
 and with competitors like Target
 
 K-Mart
 
 and others
 
 the chance for a Monopoly is still slim to none.
 
 and.. my post
 
 \u2022 Do Wal-Mart's business practices raise or lower our standard of living? \n\u2022 Is Wal-Mart's business strategy fair? Why or why not?\n
 
 your such a dork
 
 wanna read my 'walmart' response. :)
 
 I wonder.. hhe
 
 once I Get an A in both of these classes my GPA will go back up to a 3.6
 
 :P
 
 oh my po' baby. How will you ever survive? Miss you
 
 we have to post three substantial posts each week. thats normal. what isn't normal is that it is Wed and he has not posted another question
 
 thus... I cannot post again!
 
 My economics teacher is pissing me off
 
 lol
 
 mwuh mwah mwuh. :)
 
 &lt;3
 
 Both the boys are still abed
 
 &lt;3 ttyl gonna go watch lie to me 
 
 :P
 
 uh huh
 
 nuh-uh
 
 dork face
 
 My names ducky. yep that is what it is. .. yep yep yep
 
 yup yup yup
 
 yup
 
 Okay good cause since we dont have milk I cant make hamburger helper
 
 and some lasagna
 
 still got lots of rice
 
 sauce
 
 and 1.5 pieces of chicken
 
 yup yup there's enough for everyone i think
 
 what do you want for dinner? leftovers?
 
 :D
 
 I love that you think you are in charge haha
 
 :P
 
 lol
 
 yeah thats what you think
 
 but... when MW3 comes out... you're in trouble. 
 
 and an dand.... its a computer game so you dont have to get off of the Netflix tonight. haha
 
 I picked up my BF3 :)
 
 Mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 just found these
 
 they were under other in my mailbox\n
 
  You know how I like Google.....I think I found something. Its called Receptive Language disorder
 
 the symptoms fit. Most children with it have higher IQs which also fits.\n*Not seeming to listen when they are spoken to\n*Lack of interest when story books are read to them\n*Inability to understand complicated sentences\n*Inability to follow verbal instructions\n*Parroting words or phrases (echolalia)\n*Language skills below the expected level for their age.
 
 i have no idea
 
 I didnt know wether to laugh or scream
 
 I literally looked at him while I was talking to him and said "Wolfpack socery magic cards potato salad water bottle." He said "Okay Adam sorry"
 
  I tried talking to him and I just dont know what to do. I dont know if he is regressing or if I just never noticed how little he actually comprehends of what Im saying. I was talking to him about how its dangerous for him to play in the kitchen and I asked him what I said and he said "Adam hit billy" I love him to death
 
 I just dont know how I can get anything across to him when he doesnt friggin speak english
 
 Bouncing on the couch
 
 taking toys
 
 not listening. The same shit that happens everyday
 
 unfortunately for him I woke up pissed at him this morning
 
 whats up now?
 
 Im already pissed and he just keeps fucking around
 
 Imma flip out
 
 Im still pissed
 
 he is sitting on the couch. He knows better then to even try to talk to me Im so pissed still. Im trying not to scream and just stay calm simply because yelling at him has no effect AT ALL! 
 
 we have been playing this game for almost 3 years now
 
 I dont know what to do
 
 just in a crappy mood from adam. 
 
 i'm not too bad. 
 
 I am very very tired.
 
 :) goodie
 
 shes been rescued and I didnt fall
 
 ill check
 
 I think rene might have one
 
 or are they still sleeping?
 
 there has to be a key somewhere.
 
 make one of yours go open the door. 
 
 I think that may have actually made it worse. Saundra is trapped in her room
 
 Im not even trying the stairs
 
 nighty night
 
 Imma try to take a nap
 
 Im not feeling well
 
 imma listening to music. talking toyou
 
 watching Youtube
 
 and doing Studying for work
 
 and homework for two college classes... IMMA BEAST!
 
 :P
 
 yeah right
 
 adam just happened to fall asleep today same with saundra
 
 i got mine trained. HAH
 
 Yours are out
 
 mine are on the couch reading and bouncing
 
 how are the kids acting?
 
 Ive had cereal
 
 sugar
 
 nutella bread
 
 and lasagna in the past hour and a half
 
 eat something else. 
 
 im starting to worry
 
 ive been like this for an hour
 
 love yout oo ass face
 
 i will fuck you up through the computer
 
 tomorrow I think
 
 you wanted to mop ... and I love you
 
 seriously my blood sugar is soooooo damn low or high or somehting dont fuck with me
 
 :)
 
 psst...
 
 Remind me I need to start writing down the stuff I eat. 
 
 K
 
 I am not going to come home for lunch Imma leave early
 
 pick up stuff for dinner
 
 drop it off. and go to the gym to bike for a bit. maybe run a little (since I'm off my waiver until I go back to the doctor on Wed)
 
 if not I'll clean it when I get home before Dinner
 
 is that little pot we used on the Corn last night clean?
 
 fine. I'll get good asparagas. :P
 
 Eew canned sparagus is gross
 
 I'll probably get Canned to make it easier to cook
 
 I love asparagus
 
 okey dokey go watch numbers
 
 Oo asparagus
 
 Im gonna lie down before I pass out
 
 Ok
 
 I will probably buy a maranade
 
 white rice
 
 and asparagas
 
 and get something
 
 I'll check the maranades
 
 hmm... ok . 
 
 No citris
 
 and no citris right?
 
 I really dont feel good
 
 :P :P
 
 Fuck if I know 
 
 :P :P :P :P :P :P :P
 
 ok what Maranades do we have. 
 
 I dont like icky things
 
 No we are out
 
 I cant' keep making my good items i fyou wont eat them. lol I have to adapt. :P
 
 Ill find something. We have split pea soup and lasagna
 
 we have white rice right?
 
 :P
 
 ok
 
 too bad you dont like white sauce. 
 
 Whatever you want. Hell if I cant shake the sugar shakes it will be what your making
 
 Maranaded
 
 boiled. grilled.... ?? lol changes what I buy lol
 
 what chicken are you making?
 
 I dont know
 
 dont care
 
 shaky pissy cant move probably on my way to a sugar coma so just figure it out and buys it. Even just a can of corn will work
 
 I have 20$ in my wallet
 
 and thats all we have. lol until you get paid
 
 what would you want to make with it?
 
 Are you coming home for lunch?
 
 We have no sauce and only veggie\tnoodles
 
 but that goes better with boild chicken
 
 yum
 
 with white sauce
 
 fetechini noodles. or alfredo noodles
 
 chicken and pasta. lol
 
 hmm....
 
 ohh the chicken tonight. lol
 
 I said after we get paid. 
 
 I dont think we even have anything to cook with the chicken at this point. it will be chicken and....um chicken
 
 I cvan make soup
 
 like SUPER soup/stew pot
 
 we need a bigger pot
 
 like
 
 boil a chicken... homemade chicken broth.... Homemade dumplings... carrots
 
 celery
 
 YUM YUM YUM
 
 you can cook it or I will
 
 when we get paid we should get ingredients for homemade chicken noodle soup
 
 I want some...
 
 mmmm.... someone is heating up Homemade chicken noodle soouuup
 
 what do we have left in there?
 
 maybe
 
 maranade?
 
 yummy
 
 I did eat
 
 even had a spoonful of nutella to try to up sugar and Im still shaking. I have no clue
 
 I pulled out chicken \nto defrost
 
 any clue what you want for din-din?
 
 den eat. :P 
 
 shaky as a sumbitch
 
 :P
 
 Im serious
 
 Im so sick of getting behind all week because I get flustered. Im gonna lose my mind. I gotta start keeping up better and getting myself so I actually get dressed and everything. And YOU
 
 need to start doing the shit you say your gonna do. :P
 
 hahaha
 
 Im making a to do list for you. All the stuff you already need to do but never do. Maybe if I make a list for you youll do it. :P Im making a list for me too so maybe I can start keeping up better :D
 
 lol I love those ones.
 
 Its a picture of a 50's wife
 
 with a cup of coffee and the caption says..... "Coffee keeps me busy until its time to be drunk"
 
 Possible
 
 he may have his stuff set high
 
 maybe its the fact that I shared my cousins photo. 
 
 your work profile just is katey and you
 
 your home profile is games
 
 hmm...
 
 I see nothing...
 
 on my wall you can't see it?
 
 :P
 
 you have me blocked from seeing things!!
 
 there isnt anything there
 
 apparently not that I can see
 
 picture*
 
 funny funny pictures
 
 look at my wall.. 
 
 actually directly your fault but for whatever reason they didt hurt until right now
 
 not my fault. :P haha
 
 My thighs have huge huge bruises
 
 blah blah blah blah blah
 
 :D :D :D :D &lt;(") &lt;---- PENGUIN!
 
 butthead
 
 mop again tomorrow
 
 youd better not
 
 psst...
 
 lol I have issues looking good while I let loose
 
 but letting loose isnt an issue. Remind me to mop again tomorrow. Id do it today but I just dont wanna
 
 people in my family have issues...letting loose...
 
 and we all know how he dances. 
 
 lol
 
 He was pissed. I was tangoing with the credits to toystory 3 I guess badly enough to be offensive lol
 
 but apparently he didn't like ur dancing. lol
 
 lol I dont tell them that. 
 
 lol
 
 Adam just told me to stop dancing to the credits or his daddy was going to turn them off
 
 nope
 
 more *
 
 :D loves
 
 :P
 
 eye rolling emoticon muah
 
 Mwah
 
 okey dokey. 
 
 you gotta start helping me out here hon. I ve taken out the garbage three times this week and its already full again. I cant keep up with EVERYTHING by myself. :P
 
 Not that I know of
 
 ... is there anything on the calander for Nov 5th?    its a Saturday. I might have a volunteer thingy
 
 hola
 
 Headed out from doctors
 
 u on?
 
 ttyl mwah
 
 lobve you ttyl mom just got here.\n
 
 lol yeah right. because you have time and we have money\n
 
 ABT (amatuer bowling tournaments) to make some MONEY$ hehe
 
 hehe I'm looking at Bowling Tournaments. 
 
 okey dokey
 
 Oh right I forgot you were on the weirdness. Okay well
 
 ill message when im out. If your done before that go get the brat.\n
 
 after a week or so 
 
 I should have an approx time
 
 so I dont know when I'm getting out of here. 
 
 I'm on shift now
 
 I can't leave until  'they' are done
 
 ill message you when im done but as it isnt until 3:30 and its usually between 30 to 60 min youll proly be out first.\n 
 
 let me know if you get out of your appt
 
 before I get out of work
 
 nm
 
 oh yea... cuz its wed and rene. ok
 
 so just adam will be there?
 
 &lt;3 heading out in a minute. Adam will be at moms when you get off work. Ill leave the carseat if you wanna pick him up so we can just have mom drop me off when im done
 
 lol
 
 Talking while numbering
 
 drive on? I'm confused. HAHA
 
 Dream roflmao
 
 Drive on
 
 so who are you looking at to jump on? LMAO
 
 haha
 
 Lol really not interested in katey besides shes soooooooooooo in love with her hubby
 
 you know you shuttered a little on the inside. hehehe
 
 Roflmao
 
 see
 
 if only Katey could have a 'sexy' day
 
 you could go jump on her.  hehe as long as I get a video. :P rofl
 
 :P
 
 mwah hehe
 
 crazy* lol
 
 Holding...fbi
 
 The kid deserved it. His 30 yr old craxy gf is hopjs ing the fbo chick hostage and he wouldnt talk
 
 meanies
 
 lol
 
 A cop just tortured a seventeen year old bad guy on numbers and I cheered. Even the show agrees with me
 
 sometimes you just gotta kick em in the nuts. 
 
 Lol
 
 fries*
 
 hmm... I want Chili cheese fried
 
 Mwah &lt;3 you too. 
 
 :P &lt;3 u
 
 Omg no soooooooioi wrong
 
 I think if a ball smelled like Chilly Cheese Fries it would be EPIC
 
 Shouldnt smell like food
 
 Thats creepy
 
 the ball I have now smells like Orange Ginger
 
 Thats kind of ridiculous. I dont want a bowling ball to smell like food
 
 all new bowling balls pretty much come with a smell added to them now. :)
 
 You should get me some
 
 Lol I love orange chocolate 
 
 and it smells like Orange chocolate. :D
 
 Your afruit cake 
 
 Ive seen it
 
 http://www.bowlingball.com/products/bowling-balls/Storm/9982/Virtual-Gravity-NANO-Pearl.html
 
 I make you wait three whole months
 
 that will still give me enough time to get it
 
 and get used to it before I try for the Air Force team
 
 Your so deprived
 
 and January is fine. 
 
 yup I know
 
 You can make it till january
 
 Your gonna haveto wait till after christmas. Every pennys we get extras gotta be saved
 
 I though it came out next month
 
 but it was released 8 days ago
 
 remember me talking about the bowling ball I wanted to get
 
 since mine is old
 
 and probably just about dead. lol
 
 too bad we're broke. lol
 
 ?
 
 my bowling ball has been released. (oct 11th
 
 2011)
 
 .. 
 
 Mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 Your not so good at it lol
 
 :P
 
 Not really sweety
 
 I normally have decent sentence structure and fluency
 
 haha
 
 Lol
 
 not for me but I speak Phillip
 
 wow.. my brain isn't functioning correctly that paragraph is hard to read. lol
 
 I didn't think I said anything
 
 and I would agree with you if he had seen me and her talking about her feelings about his drinking and money spending
 
 etc.. but the that I said hi pissed him off. lol
 
 lol yep ridiculous
 
 its teh 'body' of the message
 
 body (comes from me highlighting it) 
 
 body Just that u .messaged me ???
 
 ((this is the message. lol))\nbody Just that u .messaged me\n\n  -----Original Message-----\n  From: phillip johnson &lt;apj_elfman@yahoo.com&gt;\n  Sent: Wed
 
 19 Oct 2011 11:42:59 -0700 (PDT)\n  To: 9132405300@txt.att.net\nSubject: Re: Re:\n\n&gt;What did he get super pissed about? is it something I said?\n&gt;\n&gt;\n&gt;-Normality is only the absence of Indifference.  -Elf \n
 
 I know right. lol
 
 omg obviously your running away together
 
 I messaged her back this morning and put that
 
 and apparently he saw it and went off. 
 
 she messaged me yesterday and said 'hey'
 
 thats what I thought. lol
 
 okay then his freak out is ridiculous
 
 the only message he saw was the one that I sent this morning that said. (hey
 
 sorry I didn't message back
 
 I was sick yesterday)
 
 well thats understandable
 
 especially from his veiw. His wife is talking to someone who obviousy has feelings for her and 90% of their conversation is talking shit about him.......yeah hes allowed to throw a hissy fit.
 
 Sammy's husband just saw that we ahve been messaging eachother. ROFL apparently he threw a hissy fit. 
 
 I'm sorry deary
 
 I should be past this vomiting part and yet I dont seem to be. I find this irritating
 
 yeah she is one of those weird ones that alternate between gorgeous and fugly
 
 thats the feeling I get. lol
 
 katey. She goes back and forth. Some times I see her and I am like "damn i would go gay for you" other days I feel like handing her a paper bag
 
 I'm at an impass
 
 still trying to figure out if Katy is cute. lol
 
 lol
 
 cant wait for christmas
 
 crappy month
 
 (lol its just a bad month)
 
 so that is 80 a month for bowling
 
 plus costumes so thats tmore money
 
 and this is the first real month that we are paying for bowling. 
 
 yeah and I sent Kelly a hundred this month instead of using it here. so thats about two hundred that we dont have access to.
 
 that would be like 100 there total
 
 it might be me buying the hookah and sending Marissa money
 
 things caught up I guess. 
 
 no clue
 
 Its not like we are gonna starve or anything but seriously what the hell happened this month? 
 
 but yes.. borke as fuck since we dont get paid for another 2 weeks
 
 so that doesn't have to be accounted into budgeting
 
 my phone will come out of the 50 dollars left in Savings. 
 
 broke as fuck this month
 
 ok cause theres some groceries
 
 costumes diapers and if we have any left over another damn alarm
 
 your phone....
 
 I think we are at -40 right now. so we have like 450 available.
 
 the list of things to buy has gotten exceedingly long. We need to buy the costumes this weekend so we know how much is left. I can cover the cable so long as it comes out after the 28th
 
 lol yes we probably do.
 
 I put it on the board. We need to hang that thing up
 
 definitely ingenious lol
 
 all drugged up
 
 Bowling this Friday will be..... Interesting. lol
 
 doesnt really effect you. lol but thought I'd let you know. lol
 
 okay
 
 appt for my teeth this Friday at 230pm   and for my legs next Wed at 10am
 
 so have i :P
 
 I know.
 
 been sick :P
 
 lol
 
 which ive told you fifteen times
 
 not going till 3:30 lol
 
 how was the doctors?
 
 nothing
 
 kids "napping" just feeling mopey. you know how shilo is  a pain in my ass
 
 wats up?
 
 I need cuddles later please
 
 :)
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 demon spawn chidlens
 
 flypaper and soda 
 
 Adams been banished into his room until he stops crying. He wouldnt take a nap
 
 came down stairs and the minute I told him to sit on the couch started crying. I think hes gonna be up there all day. I told him he couldnt come down until he stopped crying. I may never see him again.
 
 ohh feel better
 
 Muah back. Imma go curl up on the couch. Im not feeling so well again.
 
 mwah
 
 :P
 
 haha
 
 I just realized I had used then a bit excessively so I decided to use it excessively excessively. :D
 
 then then then then then then??? lol
 
 then then then then then
 
 well that would be nice
 
 but my point being if your gonna be off bowling for a week or so then. Youd better make sure someone has a pass so I can have assistance then.
 
 if we're married I get like 10 days off for free as Paternity leave
 
 Hopefully we are married by then
 
 otherwise
 
 I am taking leave so i can be home with you and the baby for a bit
 
 Youd better figure out a way to make sure I have someone staying here to help me
 
 mom
 
 mikey
 
 tay
 
 jack...someone. 
 
 yeah while Im at home with four children under the age of five and a one month old. Thats gonna go over real well.
 
 Air Force Championship is 7-12 May\nArmed Forces Championship is 13-19 May\n
 
 the paper is due in March
 
 I dont go anywhere in March lol
 
 good
 
 then I can still go in May :) lol
 
 end of march beginning of april as it is pretty much from march 20-april14th your not doing shit
 
 bowling when? May? or April? lol
 
 :P
 
 yeah as it would be approx april 7th. And I would so kick your ass if you went bowling then
 
 soo.. I wouldn't be going anywhere for the birth. :D (if I did the math right) lol
 
 oh.. bowling
 
 will be next year. the deadline for the paper is March 2012 and bowling would be in May. 
 
 I am sooooooooo hungry. Ive already had a big bowl of cereal
 
 two bowls of salad
 
 a sandwhich
 
 tomato soup
 
 and Im about to have a bagel...soo hungry
 
 &lt;3 Im having issues
 
 lol&lt;3
 
 &lt;#
 
 million dollars
 
 sudafed
 
 soda....
 
 so... flypaper.. anything else?
 
 there I tagged myself so the pic should be in mine now. No the alchoholic is Renees husband Mike
 
 is he the alcoholic or who is that?
 
 lol 
 
 shes dorable because she doesnt know the bad stuff and with her hubby basically they met
 
 she needed a place to stay and within two hours they were living together. now they are married and have two kids.
 
 and how come she likes me. lol 
 
 I can't view her photos
 
 but she looks kinda cute. 
 
 she just posted a pic of my boobs on fb lol\n
 
 katey the one with cancer whose all depressed and sissys friend. Katey Snider. \n
 
 katey*
 
 hatey who?
 
 Talking about you with Katey. I think I like it because her relationship with her husband has similiarities to us. So whe gets where I am coming from and she likes you lol
 
 lol
 
 Okay
 
 I just made myself feel better. Ive realized that at least 4lbs of what I have gained is in my boobs. That makes it less traumatising
 
 :P back
 
 :P
 
 I gained another pound :( I know I know Im supposed to balh blah blah but damn if I dont feel nothing more then FAT.
 
 oh. i was like ?? 
 
 I weight 165 :(
 
 ???
 
 165 :(
 
 lol
 
 Its gonna suck
 
 I really dont want to be there all fucking day. Especially with all four kids. Remind me to take drugs before we leave on wednesday
 
 hopefully being slightly stoned from necessary cold medicine will make it less aggravating
 
 since it takes forever to get out of there for some reason. lol
 
 you can go there at like 730 or 8am
 
 lol
 
 well that means I dont have to be at moms with the kids at fricking six am for my 3:30 pm appt
 
 lol 
 
 I should remember
 
 or.. I'll just get here early. lol
 
 Okay. Do you want me to add that to the board? It says you work wednesday already
 
 I have to be at work on Wed at 9am
 
 lol
 
 muah. House is clean except for mopping. I feel accomplished enough to justify being lazy the rest of the day. This house will never be clean again 
 
 mwah
 
 lol
 
 whatever
 
 im just glad I have an appointment on wednesday
 
 while the kids seem to be getting better I seem to have stayed at feeling like crapola. I blame shilo
 
 :P cuz I'm awesome
 
 How come you arent sick? It isnt fair!!
 
 but I dont wanna
 
 click sites click sites cliick sites. :P
 
 Fly paper...fly paper...flypaper...
 
 I told billy he was breaking my heart
 
 he said I broke heart at bike shop
 
 couldnt fix it.
 
 Yeah you let think its funny
 
 lol
 
 Poor babies. So glad you dont work this weekend. A week alone with sick babies is enough!
 
 Yep hes stronger then the rest lol
 
 he finally catch up? lol
 
 And now bubbas got a fever
 
 Saundra just woke up
 
 ate a breakfast bar and went back down. Poor baby
 
 :P
 
 Whatever im genius
 
 red borders = POO!
 
 You have the memory of a goldfish
 
 ??
 
 Pp
 
 ?
 
 Something for me when I fogure out what shilo wants. Btw red borders=perfection
 
  lol
 
 .......
 
 And
 
 Milk
 
 .butter
 
 cereal etc
 
 oh really? :P\n
 
 Your. Gonna have a grocery list tonight
 
 Yoyr babysitters hungry. Whens lunch?
 
 Gross
 
 You left your shirt and bacon beans congeled yucky by the computer desk. 
 
 :P
 
 before bowling
 
 before videogames
 
 I'll do dishes after Bowling
 
 lol okey dokey
 
 Dishes tonight please
 
 as punishment for me picking up your clothes and bacon grease.
 
 i nkow. lol
 
 lolo I know but I had t5o give you shit
 
 lol
 
 no
 
 I didn that because certain people in other countries cant schedule worth SHIT
 
 you just did that so you can avoid my appt or watching the kids during my appt. I know the truth
 
 okay ill change it
 
 lol
 
 looks like i'm working on Wed
 
 thrus
 
 friday
 
 Sun
 
 Mon next week instead of what is written down
 
 ok
 

 
 well
 
 I guess there is no party on sunday so thats one less thing to get done this weekend
 
 okey dokey. love you and I'llg et you that 'tiny' burger you want. :P with cheese
 
 Okay
 
 mean paranoid thoughts about to come out of my mouth so Imma go now. Love you
 
 be good see you at lunch &lt;3
 
 jr hamburger. I mean seriously
 
 LARGE hamburger with cheeeeese
 
 So your coming home for lunch to bring me hamburger yes
 
 yup
 
 Poor Saundra looks like a zombie from a low budget horror flick. Big baggys under her eyes and shes stumbling around. Time for the tylenol and a nap. 
 
 two not to
 
 I have like 18 lbs I can gain before April. Thats it. I dont want to end up like I did with the other to at 50+ lbs over.
 
 I have like 15 pounds to make sure I dont gain now. lol
 
 deal :P lol 
 
 and I wont get over 200
 
 no shit
 
 but that doesnt mean I need to over gain. 25-30 lbs max. Which means I dont get over 180 :P
 
 we can start working out after the baby ;)
 
 lol
 
 Cause I dont want one of those
 
 yeah do you want me to grow a BUTT BUTT BUUUUUUUTTT DAMN thats a big ass?\n
 
 :D
 
 BUT But but...
 
 chill
 
 I only need 2300 Calories a day not 5000
 
 I dont need a double whopper
 
 shilo doesnt need a double whopper. We need a Jr whopper
 
 just trying to feed you :P
 
 I dont know why I put up with you :P
 
 your such an ass
 
 large it is
 
 JR WHOPPER
 
 jr whopper dork face
 
 no larg
 
 :P
 
 you gotta make up for being mean
 
 vaginas and a burrito
 
 LARGE DOUBLE WHOPPER WITH CHEESE
 
 uh huh
 
 jr whopper LARGE fries Large drink Small shake. 
 
 ROFL
 
 and a Small small small....shake
 
 so a LARGE Whopper (double) with cheese
 
 LARGE fries
 
 LARGE drink
 
 :P
 
 you will just have to bring me a whopper jr meal to make up for your horrible horrible evilness this morning
 
 no they are yucky reheated. 
 
 and you cn heat it up :)
 
 i have one left in t he bag ill bring it home during lunch
 
 because I have neither a burrito nor a hamburger
 
 your LT and you are both assholes
 
 you cant see it
 
 but I am drooling right now
 
 :P
 
 and the LT bought them for everyone
 
 viva burrito
 
 :P now you have to get me a chocolate shake and a burger and fries because you...got a burrito
 
 Its from.....taco johns? Burger king? One of the vaginas brought you one?
 
 then i wont tell u wherer its from lol
 
 you suck
 
 I want a burrito
 
 thats not fair
 
 you have a burrito
 
 muah
 
 Mwah
 
 I wont and I am not. :)
 
 Oh right
 
 I dont like her
 
 cause it seemed like she was half in love with you. Whatever
 
 just you know. Dont do anything stupid. Im doing better
 
 which is epic because that basically means Im pulling trust out of my ass. Dont make me regret it. :P 
 
 lol
 
 she was one that was going to cheat on her abusive husband
 
 then backed out
 
 :P
 
 &lt;3
 
 No I knew who it was cause you told me yesterday
 
 but you said something about me bitching at you for just stopping talking to her and not giving a reason. So I couldnt remember if I hated her or not. I really cant keep track
 
 I blame you lol
 
 that is the one that added me yesterday on the main accoutn that I couldn't relaly remmeber who it was. I dont think yhou bitched about her
 
 that christina chick
 
 it just popped up you friended her :P
 
 who?
 
 You and your girls. I dont remember am I supposed to not like you talking to her? :P
 
 uh huh :P better
 
 love you toooo
 
 &lt;3 ya butthead
 
 yup yup
 
 I think she liikes the tile cause it s cold. She will just lay her face on it and watch tv
 
 it makes it hard to yell at the boys for not sharing
 
 her little bitty ears are right there
 
 was he
 
 so fuzzy wuzzy wasnt really fuzzy
 
 fuzzy wuzzy had no hair
 
 fuzzy wuzzy was a bear
 
 snuggle wuggle was a Pear!
 
 snuggle wuggle had no hair
 
 snuggle wuggle was a bear
 
 lol
 
 Baby girls so snuggly when shes sick. Shes pretty much just been laying on my lap since you left.
 
 I think it would be hard to scale a fence in a suit.
 
 :P &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 Will bwahahahaha or kyle will find new friend for video games
 
 'might' :P
 
 Damn right
 
 Dont mock me
 
 you did\tthis 2o me
 
 when I leave here I'm getting A1 sauce
 
 and if you want a burger later
 
 I might go get one. :P lol
 
 haha
 
 A hamburger
 
 I think but im disgusted with the thought of eating
 
 lol so what do you want?
 
 Im naseous
 
 starving
 
 hungry
 
 diagusted by food cant decide what I want/want a hamburger
 
 i noticed lol
 
 Hey straight women like gay men
 
 you andyour gay men
 
 whatev.. lol
 
 Hey hes the hottest gay man on tv
 
 lol i bet
 
 If I were a gay.man I would stalk neil patrick harris
 
 Pick up A1 on your way home. I think we are out and I am craving steak
 
 Imm hoping she sleeps all day. She just layed down most of the morning
 
 shed find a toy lay on the floor and play with it.
 
 sleep sleep then you'll feel better
 
 thats my girl. 
 
 Adam stole puzzles
 
 billy running in circles. Saudra asleep...definitely not feeling well
 
 ?
 
 Gonna shoot babies
 
 lol have fun
 
 lunch time!!!
 
 :P lol
 
 :)
 
 ohh piece a candy
 
 He just stared at me when I punished him
 
 Why? Why? I told him no candy or desert for a week and he just looked at me
 
 and repeated it. I dont think he will figure it out until I give the other ones candy infront of him. 
 
 lol
 
 and he still would have had to sit or stand on the counter
 
 see he learned. lol
 
 he normally doesnt put them back though
 
 chair
 
 
 
 Whats even better is nothing infront or on the microwave was disturbed. How in the hell did he do that?
 
 wow nice. lol
 
 No sugar for a week. Imma have to lock yhe damn cupboards
 
 Guess who stole all the candy this mornung and hid it in his room? I wouldnt have noticed but sissy found it and decided I should open it for her
 
 rofl
 
 Thank you
 
 you cant see but Im bowing gracefully accepting the praise
 
 haha well congrats. lol
 
 lol 
 
 I feel accomplished that I have the Adam blowing his nose. The little things you know
 
 lol
 
 I hope they run the tests the doctor asked for first. I would be really annoyed if they drank it all and forgot to do the tests. Id have to go do it all over again!!
 
 ddddrink yourrrrr bloooooooood
 
 Have to get bloodwork done. Dont let me forget. Cant forget. Have to let them take my blood.
 
 :P
 
 lol :P
 
 I feel fine
 
 my gallbladder is just misbehaving. The kids are 90% fine. Just a little lethargic
 
 and is bruised.
 
 lol
 
 but my arm hurts. 
 
 I feel fine. 
 
 I feel like poo...you feel like poo..kids feel like poo...we are a happy family of poo
 
 yup
 
 your a dork. &lt;3 
 
 :D
 
 MWAH!
 
 Psst what
 
 psst...
 
 Hurry up and get here before Rene is late :P
 
 :D
 
 I'm bringing cookie dough home today
 
 mentally not physically lol
 
 Hurry home well
 
 Rene is anxious to head to daddys and Adam poor baby is burning up.
 
 talk abotu you being icky? lol
 
 nothing horrible
 
 just been kinda icky the past couple days and wanted to talk about it but with being sick I keep forgetting
 
 what do you wanna talk about
 
 haven't done anything. lol I was just curious. lol 
 
 dont forget rene marie
 
 Nothing that Im aware of
 
 I havent been checking. 
 
 what did I do this time. lol
 
 Remind me I wanted to talk to you tonight.
 
 :*
 
 MWAH! :)
 
 Okay. Ill miss you :(
 
 ok
 
 then I probably wont come home for lunch
 
 it will just rile them up
 
 right now Im just trying to keep them all calm and resting
 
 I have kids tylenol in the cupboard
 
 okey dokey?
 
 I just saw that I have kids tylonel in the car. I will try to bring it by when I get done with the  youth center thing
 
 yep. 
 
 If his fever climbs can I give Adam tylenol?
 
 Shes Napping/screaming
 
 Yay
 
 come deal with your daughter lol
 
 welllll... on my way home. :)
 
 phone/internet
 
 Marissa
 
 your phone? Car insurance
 
 halloween costumes. We has NO money
 
 and I think we still have 50 in savings
 
 between Marissa
 
 Phone
 
 and Insurance we are already going to be negative. so the money in my wallet will basically save us. lol
 
 :D
 
 hmm.... 20$
 
 Haha
 
 with what money?\n
 
 I can go bowling on Saturday now. hehehe
 
 psssst.
 
 I mark the papers
 
 okay
 
 okay
 
 but I will work Friday
 
 is stupid
 
 I do NOT work Saturday or Sunday (probably)
 
 :P fuck schedul
 
 change to schedule
 
 goodie. 
 
 I was distracted by obnoxious chiddlens
 
 yes I is here
 
 hewo?
 
 you there?
 
 :P :P :P
 
 I would rather be completely broke then the kids not go as what they want :P
 
 Halloween is important
 
 no no no no no
 
 cheap cheap cheap
 
 hmmm halloween costumes... Ghosts. lol haha
 
 that will only be 80.00
 
 Yay for Walmart costumes lol
 
 we will have about that to get through the next two and a half weeks.....and we have to buy Halloween costumes for four kids still
 
 luckily we still have 170$ in my wallet. lol
 
 Minimum Due: $79.00\n
 
 Yay us
 
 so we will have like.....20.00 this month
 
 due date.. 10/17
 
 thats  what they wanted
 
 or did you want theirs
 
 thats what yours is
 
 66086-5409
 
 zip code
 
 what am I your secretarty
 
 017-346-133-07
 
 and can you tell me my account number please :)\n
 
 I dont know how you never remember that you have american family. It isnt difficult you know
 
 www.amfam.com
 
 can you tell me the web address on the Car insurance paper on the computer under the cabinet drawer next to the monitor
 
 lol\n
 
 thank mother fn god for foodstamps'
 
 you probably do.
 
 crap
 
 I think I owe the car insurance
 
 yup
 
 I'll try to remember
 
 sounds like a plan. i say you just pull out cash and not use your card the end of this month.
 
 and the bank if the internet comes out on the 30th 
 
 we will be fine as long as we dont go into the negative
 
 Hoping Rene just has a sore throat
 
 she feels like shit and I really dont want to go through this with four fricking kids.
 
 Okie dokie
 
 it looks like it will come out on either the 30th or the first.
 
 just thought of that and was wondering
 
 cause if it does then were down to like 60.00 
 
 dont think soo. Let me check
 
 is the internet bill due this paycheck?
 
 I haven't been. :P
 
 Well
 
 we dont need grocerys. So that pretty much leaves us 160.00 minus your bowling. Your not eating out anymore lol
 
 rofl
 
 good thing we still have some Food stamps
 
 so we have like 200$ total. lol 
 
 so we have like 263$ positive
 
 -50$ for Marissa
 
 Okay. Ill be broke
 
 Im getting 147.00 on the 14th. 40 to phone and 100.00 to kelly so Ill have 7 bucks
 
 763$ on the 14th
 
 I havent gotten to it yet
 
 dealing with Ne
 
 but its on my list lol
 
 aight
 
 Imma eat your salad
 
 mines all gone
 
 Poor stinker goose has a fever. She is so sad
 
 shes laying on the couch half a sleep
 
 brbr... meeting
 
 imma go lie down on the couch ttyl &lt;3
 
 true. Like I said
 
 in theory. This weekend I have to get my bloodtests done before my appt. So I will need to go to moms if your gonna be working all weekend.
 
 that was quick lol
 
 it depends on what going on. 
 
 Qwikster: 23 days\nIn September
 
 Reed Hastings announced that Netflix would spin off Qwikster as a DVD rental business. This move met tons of criticism
 
 and Hastings backtracked on his statement 23 days later.\n\n.. HAHAHA Qwikster is DEAD
 
 well in theory you have my doctors appt off which will make it easier
 
 ugh no no no no no
 
 more more more
 
 and creamcheese
 
 I had a bagel
 
 I diiiiiiiiid
 
 eaaaat
 
 Ill think about it
 
 Im not moving right now
 
 kinda shaky
 
 can you write that schedule on the Calander? lol 
 
 they are giving me Friday off so I can get ready to work Saturday
 
 This schedule is stupid. Just so you know. so no days off until next monday?
 
 thats what I meant.
 
 yup
 
 I noticed. lol (well the tournament) I will be off in time to do the league on Fridays
 
 There goes your bowling then
 
 starting this Saturday
 
 Saturday
 
 Sunday
 
 Tue
 
 Thur
 
 Fri
 
 Sun
 
 Tue
 
 Wed
 
 Fri
 
 Sun
 
 Mon
 
 sure
 
 doyou want my tentative work schedule coming up? 
 
 gave the kids a bath. Saundra is dying a slow death from such disrespect
 
 Adams eyes somehow still hurt even though he got no soap in them
 
 Billy is still naked and Rene is running around in a robe and chonies because she is a grown up and grown ups wear robes.
 
 Sure. 
 
 can you put on the board somewhere 26 November UofA game
 
 lol
 
 cha like thats working.; hes jjust playing with blocks
 
 nap time
 
 I dont know what to do with Adam today
 
 I really dont. Ive just Im not even angry with him
 
 Im just exhausted. All he has done all day is break every single rule. He keeps hitting and kicking Billy and Saundra
 
 he refuses to listen and when I talk to him all he does is parrot me. I ask him why he did something and I get "Why did I hit billy?" even when thats not what Im talking to him about. I dont know what to do babe
 
 I think we have one bag left
 
 not sur eif we had any left
 
 fish-um stick-um
 
 no clue
 
 what am I going to make for lunch? I have no ideas. My breain is dead
 
 your juice smells like dehydrated blueberry pancakes
 
 and you need to get milk today. We are down to less then half a gallon
 
 &lt;3
 
 okey dokey
 
 Diapers and wipes on your way home please
 
 Okay
 
 so just gonna be me and the kids till later tonight. That means I can be lazy for dinner :P
 
 I want billy to know about his sperm donor and that side of the family
 
 so if he decides when hes older to talk to him then he has all the facts. In large part due to the fact that I never got to meet my dad. 
 
 and we are going to do the wing thing today
 
 but thats just my opinion
 
 well I wouldn't worry about it
 
 if he doesnt want to be Billy's dad then I dont think billy has a sister
 
 Billy has a baby sister
 
 he has a baby sister that his father is raising and loving and taking care of. All I keep thinking is what an ass face
 
 well let me know if your going out tonight or not. If you arent let me know what you want for dinner and Ill cook it up special for ya
 
 awe
 
 my poor man
 
 including a nostril that doesnt want to help me breath
 
 poor baby
 
 imaginary back rub and  kiss'
 
 from like my chin to my eye on my left side
 
 I am numb and nausious
 
 hence the granted i forgot part
 
 I hope I can eat by then. lol
 
 today's thursday. lol
 
 but they are all at lunch
 
 I thought you were going this thursday..granted I forgot
 
 I dont remember
 
 no clue
 
 I am trying to find out if we were going to the wing place today or if that was next Thursday\\
 
 Poor baby
 
 what do you want for dinner? Ill make something special for you. Ill even mush it into paste if you need me too 
 
 I feel like shit
 
 I got like 4 shots of Novacaine (makes me nausious
 
 all antestisics do) and I got 6 fillings
 
 we have ambesol somewhere
 
 poor baby
 
 do your teefys hurt?\n
 
 feel like shit
 
 Seriously babe
 
 learn to close and lock the upstairs doors if you are the last one down. I am sick of chasing the boys out because you forgot to shut a door behind you
 
 See you in a bit
 
 he just cant grasp the concept
 
 he got tired of it
 
 he lost then billy lost then he lost again three more itmes
 
 then she'll lose
 
 haha till he realizes what its supposed to be like. 
 
 It was awesome
 
 Adam really didnt get the concept so Rene won easily and is now convinced that she is stronger
 
 lol
 
 rene is showing adam how to arm wrestle. Im gonna video tape this shit
 
 Thats what I said. I told him if he got us before your lunch break it wouldnt be a problem but right before he wants to pick her up....not so much
 
 if he woul dhave told us earlier I could have taken her during lunch
 
 Yeah I told him next time to let me know by Wednesday morning
 
 nope. . lol I/we need more notice then like an hour and a half
 
 Mike wants Rene early. I told him it was doubtful but I would send you a message anyway
 
 tacos for lunch
 
 Yeah
 
 should probably get that done
 
 I'll pick them up during lunch to figure out what I have to reprint
 
 then I'll mail it to her today hopefully
 
 ok thank you
 
 Wait found them they are on the bookshelf
 
 I dont see them anywhere. You have no clue where specifically you left them? I dont see them in the pile in the kitchen and I dont see them on the computer desk
 
 so I can remember what page to reprint
 
 oh
 
 if you can find it that would be great. :)
 
 I will go and look
 
 I thought you had it by the computer last
 
 have you seen the divroce paperwork? I think its on the Kitchen Counter
 
 We can go here
 
 over by Michelle's is nice too. I usually dont go in moms neighborhood
 
 no one does really
 
 I assume she is going with Nicholas and Parker this year.
 
 so how are we doing trick or treatin? and are we having Lindsey with us? off base? or just us onbase? I wasn't sure what she normally did with Kaylen
 
 Very much so its been like 48 plus hours.....im dying here
 
 is that soo?
 
 lol
 
 You will drink an amp on your way home so that you have energy. Just letting you know :D
 
 Just so you know
 
 your daughter had your phone. She brought it to me a minute ago. She was trying to call 8###881. I put it on the computer desk so it doesnt get lost
 
 I bout lost my shit with all of them today
 
 soooo ready for them to take a nap
 
 lol
 
 Just sent adam and Saundra upstairs
 
 Rene is on the couch reading quietly and biilly is still eating lunch
 
 kids napping?
 
 I am really woozy. If you get a call from my mom at work its because I passed out.
 
 I surprised the floor
 
 I had it lulled into a false sense of security and then BAM! I had the kids pick up the toys and I swept it. I am now downe
 
 I keep looking at the floor going sooooooooooooooooon I will clean you soooooon. I think it knows Im lying
 
 and I have to clean.....
 
 yes Is soooo zausty. Ize had two cups of coffee
 
 still falling asleep as I sit
 
 when yoiu type
 
 it says Nikkole is typing....
 
 ohhhh pooor wittle wu
 
 all tuckered out. 
 
 I dont wanna clean.......
 
 yes pathetic
 
 lack of sex is pathetic. It means you lack energy and or sex drive.....I dont lack sex drive
 
 haha pathetic? lol no clue. lol :P
 
 I feel like naked time is necessary
 
 but im sooooooooo tired and you are sick. Are we going to be those pathetic no sex people until our bodies catch up?
 
 and she would call you before that and be all happy
 
 See I think she would have to come home pretending to have been raped first
 
 or.. I think Lindsey is mor elikely
 
 lol
 
 or jackie
 
 tayler
 
 Im just waiting for someone in my group to get knocked up and compete the pregnancy circle
 
 sure whatever you say 
 
 Mwah
 
 :P :P :P
 
 :P
 
 I love your cologne but we are seriously hitting the point where you need to go in the kids bathroom and turn on the fan before you put it on. The whole house still reeks
 
 My two have slight fevers...Ill check yours when they wake up
 
 Im not moving. I keep vomiting when I do. Fuck moving
 
 even for you
 
 No
 
 just one steak
 
 so I can make it when I come home. :)
 
 can you put it in a bowl of HOT HOT HOT water please? :)
 
 ohh.. :'( 
 
 Im probably going to make something exceedingly lazy
 
 fishsticks or sandwhiches
 
 I feel like poo
 
 no I am not making steak. That takes way too much effort
 
 hewo?
 
 wanna make me a steak? ;) haha
 
 soo what are we having for lunch?
 
 :P
 
 Your daughter is standing next to me
 
 looking me in the eye and taking a shit. This is exceedingly awkward
 
 you are always bored.
 
 I'm bored. lol
 
 hmm. 
 
 Your son has lost the abilty to press play. Then netflix went out and instead of pressing play he presses stop
 
 haha
 
 found them
 
 they were right in front of me on the computer desk
 
 ask adam. lol
 
 nope
 
 I thought they were in the cabinet with the spices
 
 no clue
 
 do you know what I did with my tums. I cant keep anything down
 
 its like I got hungover just from being in the bar
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P :P :P
 
 :D lol
 
 hehe looky
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=216713368393519&amp;set=o.127583850648091&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 .
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 If you check this today
 
 I know your doing that thing
 
 but if you do check this then when you get home remind me to have you check my scalp. it itches like a bitch and I have paranoia about lice.
 
 love you too :P
 
 still dont believe you and have every reason not to
 
 ill talk to you when you get home. Love ya dumbass
 
 yay for me
 
 and Brandon went to the store
 
 she's all pissy and paranoid
 
 Kathy logged off
 
 get off fb if your Working
 
 and the only one I'm talking to write now is you
 
 I'm multitasking
 
 whatever
 
 got to go deal with kids
 
 I am currently taking a written pretest
 
 your talking to me
 
 meaning.. I'm working. 
 
 no. I'm at work. 
 
 Im sure that pause right there was you double checking with her that she wasnt coming. Which means your probably talking to her right now. 
 
 yes ma'am. :P
 
 Hon not was ARE you ARE an idiot.
 
 and I was an idiot. was. was. was
 
 nicki isn't coming. 
 
 I honestly cant believe you had the fucking balls to invite her or tell her it would be okay. Your more of an idiot then I thought
 
 I am about 99.99% sure she isn't coming. 
 
 and your still talking to her...point
 
 She's still in Engalnd
 
 I dont forget bitches
 
 I dont have a clue. 
 
 and you have a good memory... or are you just looking at a message. lol
 
 im not worried
 
 she aint coming anywhere near me and if your alone with her I leave
 
 nicki is the one you got in trouble for talking to the first time. You were going to meet her in october remember
 
 oh. yea her. but I dont think she'll follow through. lol so dont worry
 
 lol still a vagina
 
 she is looking all over the US for editorial jobs. so nothing to do with me. :P
 
 Nicki...Nickicarra
 
 there can not be two girls with that name
 
 yes. 
 
 Let me guess its a girl\n
 
 wiat.. what?
 
 Different Nicki
 
 if so you arent going anywhere alone and she aint staying here\n
 
 now theres an old friend who is looking for an editorial job and is looking at Tucson possibly. so I have no clue
 
 you mentioned something awhile ago about your friend and bf maybe coming down. Nicki better not \n\n
 
 not sure who will actually follow through
 
 I'm not sure honestly. I'll have to check. I dont think it was Katrina. There have been a couple that have said it. Katrina
 
 Nicki
 
 my sister
 
 and I think thats all.....
 
 ?
 
 Btw which friend was it that might be coming down next month
 
 :P
 
 I didnt say flavor didnt matter
 
 size of nicotine........ ok you get A's ultra light 100s
 
 Rolfmao
 
 they are still on sale at the shoppette. lol
 
 The size of the nicotine is unimportant
 
  i dont give a shit about a carton
 
 smokes vs not smoking
 
 can't get it until Friday
 
 carton of smokes?
 
 both
 
 smokes.... carton? ...
 
 ?
 
 A pack of smokes
 
 the ability to quit smoking and a carton
 
 what do you want?
 
 I should be done but I really dont want to quit. I have issues quitting. To be completely honest I never quit all the way with either of my kids. I got down to like a pack a month but I never completely stopped
 
 do you want ore? or to be done?
 
 Im outta smokes :(
 
 :P
 
 I want you. :P you so :P
 
 even she knows it so there
 
 your full of crap :P
 
 well she is working on being a porn star. haha and I dont want her
 
 :P
 
 which is still aggravating mainly because I think she is not that attractive and wonder why in hell you would want it. Plus it stings
 
 cause shes a real person not an actress or porn star or whatever.
 
 yeah but you wnat her
 
 brb getting ready to get rain
 
 so I'm gonna shut my windows
 
 well
 
 the good part is that even in 'rebound' she still doesn't want me. lol
 
 I told you she was getting off on the fact that you wanted her nuts
 
 I fucking told you
 
 thats her. lol
 
 "" i dont like it when my pawns get gf's btw i like at least the illusion of being desired and thats what you offer me so a gf in the picture is not cool to bring up especially to be reading my messages.  i like it that you hit on me when ya know i dont want you loli know it sounds stupid but its fun for me""
 
 Are we guessing this or is this what she said?\n
 
 apparently we upset Kathy
 
 because she liked the illusion that I wanted her nuts
 
 and that I was her 'pawn' lmao
 
 what ? lol
 
 :P 
 
 lol
 
 it got mad at the grapes....made me sad
 
 i am :)
 
 I ate a sandwhich and so far its staying down. Be proud of my stomach :P
 
 so definitely things you didnt know
 
 Dont know
 
 I doubt it would help anything but theres a lot in there I didnt know
 
 uh oh... do I want to read it?
 
 It started out talking about you
 
 then turned into a letter to you. Im not really sure how that worked.
 
 I was thinking about things
 
 about your behavior
 
 my behavior
 
 how much my responses are pissing me off
 
 where they are coming from. I just started typing
 
 letting it all out.
 
 you there?
 
 whats up?
 
 ??
 
 Im venting. purging
 
 attempting to emotionally right myself
 
 why not?
 
 havent gotten them
 
 how are the gwapes?
 
 trust me
 
 this is the last one
 
 ooh grapes
 
 and the grapes are in the fridge. LMAO
 
 last one? lol suuuure
 
 Oh and I still want grapes
 
 Okay
 
 so I had a weird thought. and granted I may change my mind before November anyway
 
 but I kinda think I dont want to know if its a boy or a girl. This is my last one
 
 I kinda want a surprise.
 
 I forgot to tell you this morning
 
 last night I dreamt that I was on bed rest. So I had to use a wheel chair to chase the kids around the house and had a safety gate at the bottom of the stairs so they couldnt go up.
 
 lol
 
 Theres a continual battle of them turning it down so I turn it way up hoping that somehow it will keep it from getting warm next time. Apparently this time they didnt turn it back down
 
 lol
 
 kids screwing with the temp? or you? :P
 
 Btw I pulled the milk in the back of the fridge forward and its frozen solid. Giant milk pop
 
 I dont know what the hell to do with that child
 
 Jusst had to break into the boys room to get rene she lured adam up there for kisses
 
 youd better hope its a girl lol
 
 lol we'll figure it out
 
 they are honestly the only p names I liek. the rest suck
 
 and not too fond of pryce either
 
 do not like perry
 
 no your not
 
 ~~~Squak~~~
 
 HEAR ME ROAR!!!
 
 &lt;(")  &lt;---- I AM EPIC!
 
 Aiden Pryce or Aiden Perry
 
 :P :P :P :P
 
 :P 
 
 There will be a fourth name
 
 LMAO\nlol
 
 you kill the fourth name and you get the I
 
 I can deal with it
 
 I like the i better though
 
 Sophya
 
 that just looks retarded
 
 ew no
 
 lmao
 
 Sophfya
 
 Please my name is Nikkole and my daughter is Rene
 
 no comment on spelling? lol
 
 nope
 
 I have to do SPJ bull you have to do four names
 
 only fair
 
 Sophya Paige Johnson
 
 Princess just brought me a breakfast bar wrapper. Guess she isnt ready to give up quite yet
 
 Sophia Paige Anya  :P Deal with it
 
 is not :P BTW 
 
 yes yes it is. lol :P
 
 Is it horrible that I have to prove I am better at being stubborn then the kids are?\n
 
 Im horribly mean to the princess. But she took a bite.  A teeny pulled out of the bread bite but still I fricking won!
 
 haha meany
 
 !!!!!!!!!!
 
 I will be champion
 
 I think shes gonna cave.
 
 Shes hungry and realising she wont get anything else. She is sitting at the table alternating screaming and poking her sandwhich
 
 she hasnt touched her sanwhich so I didnt share
 
 I ate a snack in front of her.
 
 haha what did you do? lol
 
 she is so pissed
 
 Saundras about to be in the corner for an hour. She will not stop screaming at me
 
 haha
 
 rene just got done in the corner and billys about to go in for not listening lol
 
 lol wow. 
 
 rene and billy started running
 
 saundra started screaming and adam ran in and out of the kitchen shouting for snack
 
 ?
 
 Omg they all lost their minds at once
 
 lol
 
 adam and billy have those rat heads
 
 they squish
 
 Oh they so could
 
 not their heads
 
 I like that its all fenced in. Granted the kids could fit through that
 
 6th and 7th pictures
 
 i dont see them
 
 http://www.realestaterangers.com/9023424_0-8885-Fillmore-Road-Tucson-AZ-85736-MLS-21119433-RES_Detail.aspx\nthey posted pictures of the pool finally
 
 and if I can get the bf to take the cell phone picture from around a door
 
 for her and the other girl
 
 that would work too
 
 lol 
 
 she's not
 
 but she does get pissy easily
 
 if shes really that sensitive this isnt the business for her :P lol
 
 cell phone cams only work if its behind the girls back
 
 which wont work if its a site based around her. If she films her with the girl or the other girl with the cell phone cam that might work. 
 
 so I don't discourage her. lol
 
 and slowly 
 
 I've been telling her.
 
 the whole (secret)  thing
 
 and they wont pay for cell phone cams
 
 unless they think no one knows its happeneing
 
 I dont think she gets that
 
 and no one else will either
 
 nope
 
 She doesnt have anything thats even worth putting on the site yet. Theres what two halfway decent pictures and three 30 second videos. I dont know about you but I wouldnt pay for 30 seconds
 
 that way I can have stuff organized
 
 before I think its good to start. 
 
 and like 200-300 videos
 
 (different scenes
 
 styles
 
 places
 
 people with her
 
 etc..)
 
 I told her 1000 Pictures
 
 (different scenes
 
 places
 
 outfits
 
 etc..)
 
 depends on how fast she does pictures and videos
 
 possibly 
 
 to be honest. 
 
 so...two years from now lol'
 
 I'm not putting it online until I think it is ready
 
 I guess I just have the way i would do things in my head and if they dont do it that way then they dont want it
 
 lol
 
 so its a good thing she contacted me about it. lol
 
 she is a little jump first think later. 
 
 I doubt its ever gonna get that far. I m a little pessimistic about the whole thing because if she were really ready to do it she would already have good pictures before she contacted you. Lots of them
 
 if it gets that far
 
 as long as I make more money then I put into it. I'm good
 
 I can hope
 
 you wish
 
 roflmao
 
 lol
 
 Imma make BANK!
 
 good
 
 lol really?
 
 if its cheap
 
 they dont care
 
 please
 
 i ve seen the porn my friends buy
 
 half those bitches is butt ugly and have horrible lighting.
 
 for a good site
 
 you need 0 crappy pictures
 
 if you pay to go to a site
 
 you dont want shitty pictures. 
 
 yeah but honestly who will care other then the gf of the guys looking at the site?\n
 
 see good thing you are looking too. you help me weed out the shitty ones. lol
 
 your such an ass. I dont know whatever. I honestly wont believe there is anything more then tolerable pictures of her possible until I see a good one. Granted I am pickier then 99.9% of men. mainly cause I dont see boobs and vagina and go all brain dead
 
 and I know that if the site looks good
 
 and we actually put it up
 
 I will be paying for the domain name
 
 online file storage
 
 etc.. etc.. meaning
 
 ... if it goes BIG
 
 I technically 'own' all website rights. LMFAO
 
 so that is a plus for us
 
 an old bf is a photographer and he is supposed to visit family in Leavenworth and said he'd take some shoots for her
 
 ??
 
 that wont help anything she still cant take a pic for shit.
 
 whats funny
 
 and she is hopefully getting a better camera
 
 to her
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 we will see how the site goes with Kathy
 
 she is trying to get her two gf's to come down for a photo shoot
 
 they should spend less time on associating worries and more time on organization and security and i dont know organization. 
 
 I know. the military has a lot of rules. associated with 'associating' itself with pretty much anything
 
 :P
 
 probably still against the rules but you gcould always photo shop on new faces
 
 by "uniform" i meant top unbuttoned and tank underneath and probably hair down. slightly slutty is a long way from porn
 
 i didnt say porn calander lol
 
 that is why the Porn model got kicked out of the military a couple years back
 
 because she was posing in uniform
 
 theres rules about it
 
 can't co-associate porn with military.
 
 eh it still crap moneys
 
 its only for our squadron and they use it for holiday parties
 
 etc..
 
 and of course the womeent in "uniform" calander
 
 you could make more money with a men in uniform calander
 
 once again I state.....pointless.
 
 lol
 
 squadron=where I work
 
 the squadron gets like 7%
 
 total sales were 8500$
 
 my bad... 750$
 
 the squadron made 850$ at the game on Saturday
 
 lol fun fun fun
 
 never mind...lol two days
 
 Okiie doki
 
 the day after thanksgiving
 
 26 November. football game
 
 too many numbers
 
 I dont like numbers
 
 Nope
 
 I cant even tell where your stamina is on that thing
 
 hmm. oh well. do you remember what my stamina was at? lol
 
 maybe
 
 I dont know. It freaked out like two more times. 
 
 there will be a patch out before too long for the thing I run. lol
 
 hmm. MW might have done a security update. 
 
 your game doesnt like you
 
 aight
 
 yep. Thats all we NEED for right now lol
 
 getting ready for lunch
 
 soo dry erase stuff and wipes?
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 ({})
 
 Mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 Ill text you\n
 
 Sorry my memory is gone. lmao
 
 remind me. lol
 
 ok wipes....dry erase kit...
 
 oh you need to pick up wipes too\n
 
 andwe can do the grocery list as well
 
 and we can redo the list
 
 and add more too it
 
 damn. I'll try to remmber to get some when I go on lunch
 
 nopers\n
 
 or. on that top shelf on the bookshelp
 
 It might have some dry erase stuff
 
 check the drawer in the computer desk. 
 
 that they are
 
 I use them as my shove area
 
 but we are out of room on the white board. That screwed up marker makes it hard to write\n
 
 organize kitchen (the cabinets by the fridge are all funky)
 
 clean out car
 
 and of course groceries\n
 
 finish unpacking and hanging pictures\n
 
 kids rooms\nbathroom\nour room\ngarage\nlaundry room\nwash blues\nmop floor\ngrass\nprescription\nbloodtests\nbday presents\nmichaels (art supplies)\nbeds\n
 
 Omg everything
 
 so we can just make a GIANT list. lol
 
 so what do we have on there?
 
 and then I put it back on there and moved it onto the stove
 
 then adam erased it 
 
 yeah I got it all on there
 
 you start on the whiteboard yet?
 
 You are all twelve year olds
 
 yep but its funny
 
 Lol thats ridiculous
 
 I died laughing when he told me that
 
 Sgt Smith (my supervisor) his brother works at their new base
 
 and he told him whenever he saw ryenn to give him dirty looks. 
 
 umm... 'experience' in that area with her
 
 Lol such faith
 
 and thats being generous
 
 I give it like 3 months before she starts cheating
 
 hmm.. and she will look at guys going into and leaving the gym all day. 
 
 ((ok))
 
 (umm
 
 ryenn.... I think I want to get a cosmotology degree so I can work).
 
 Soooo
 
 and nextdoor to the gym is a cosmotology school
 
 ?
 
 they are next to a fitness 19 gym
 
 doesn't look horrible
 
 but he's screwed. lol
 
 lmao
 
 Inside her address is 3525 n cole rd apt 302 boise idaho 83704
 
 so let me know when you are back inside
 
 and have the whiteboard. lol
 
 I need to start making a schedule for me. I got the kids situated same times mostly during the day but I forget to do the shit I need to do lol
 
 We need to there is so much shit we forget we need to do
 
 (lets go all out on this list
 
 and put it on the extra whiteboard
 
 laundry room
 
 set up garage
 
 clean garage
 
 I need to get one of those old school rotary cutters
 
 ok. 
 
 Nit right now
 
 outside but in a minute
 
 :P
 
 Cut grass lol
 
 hehehe
 
 (ohh... can you put Marissa's address in here for me) 
 
 And im outta coffee :P
 
 water grass
 
 downstairs bathroom
 
 clean our room
 
 and we need to put the beds together
 
 clean girls room
 
 hang pictures
 
 since I get paid on the first. we should make an 'extensive' grocery list. 
 
 To do list\nGroceries\nbloodwork\nprescription\nbirthday party\nmop floor\nput away laundry\nclean your blues\nmissing anything?\n
 
 I just dont want to dig it out of my purse right now
 
 labcorp I think the nearest one is like craycroft and speedway. They gave me a map to like al of them in town.
 
 probably. where do you go for your bloodwork?
 
 and sometime this week sti9ll have to get my blood drawn and drop off/pick up my prescription. I think this is going to be a long list.
 
 :P 
 
 ^_^
 
 ^.^
 
 lol
 
 zoidburg
 
 (V)('
 

 

 
')(V) 
 
 OMG A PENGUIN
 
 PENGUIN!
 
 &lt;(")
 
 what?
 
 you try to schtoop sissy
 
 psst....
 
 haha thats what you think
 
 yep
 
 kiss bum and sleep in bed with you :)
 
 hmm. nope. 
 
 :P
 
 you can kiss my bum and sleep on the couch
 
 you are such a fucking asshole
 
 well at least we can double team her and hit two birds with one stone ;) lmao jk jk
 
 did you ever notice how he makes side comments about jewelry or sex to lindsey everytime he talks to us? its him trying to start shit by saying their relationship is better look how he buys her things or they have awesome sex. he isnt happy without drama
 
 seriously no. You dont get it
 
 it has absoloutly nothing to do with either of us. He isnt happy unless hes depressed and pissy and there is someone rubbing him the wrong way or trying to get his gf to cheat (me) or trying to get in her pants (you) 
 
 I know Nicholas doesnt do confrontation
 
 but if it keeps up
 
 I'm going to figure out whats wrong
 
 one way or the other. 
 
 :P
 
 I mean its looking now like shes probably gonna live with mom until his grandma dies. Which is ridonkulous I think. That means at minimum two years of having to deal not only with the mess that is my moms house but the two of them making out and pouting everytime I go over
 
 thats primarily the point
 
 and why I stopped smoking over there. that way there is no chance for me and Lindsey to be alone anywhere
 
 so he can't get paranoid
 
 no
 
 for the most part you stay haning out with mikey when we go over there
 
 I know I'm flirtacious but I know I haven't done anything like that. 
 
 I cant think of anything either. Atleast not in the past monh or so
 
 I hope so
 
 I dont like feeling awkward in my mothers house.
 
 actually
 
 nothing since that back rub thing
 
 its not like I have done anything to Lindsey or said anything
 
 that would piss him off recently. 
 
 maybe he'll get over it. 
 
 lol
 
 No I have no clue
 
 hes pissier then a pmsing teenager. 
 
 lol
 
 last I checked your name wasnt Private Johnson either
 
 hmm well
 
 my sisters a felon
 
 so dont think that was me. lol
 
 I remember. 
 
 I have no clue. He is always pissy though. He goes back and forth. The last time that I remember him getting all pissy wazs that whole pvt Johnson conversation. Apparently some private johnson someone threw a fit about felons on the base. Thats the day I was going to punch him
 
 any clue what we did?
 
 Im irritated with her. Shes basically avoided me for three months
 
 even when Im at the house I dont takl to her because Nicholas is making out with her or glaring at us. 
 
 you're in a loving mood today. lol
 
 :P
 
 tada
 
 well buy one of those comic cards with some stupid joke in it and put the twenty in it
 
 well yeah
 
 and So i win but still its the principle of the thing
 
 and you got me :D
 
 I didn't mean the dollar amount. lol 
 
 whatever Ive barely talked to her in the past three months
 
 shes taken my room
 
 my mother and my ex
 
 twenty seems sufficent to me :P
 
 so. what are we doing for Lindsey? a 20 seems a little to.... bland
 
 I'm sorry
 
 lol
 
 yeah im fine
 
 just hurts. Im walking like a friggin penguin as im afraid to fall again. and you cant blame my pants cause those ridiculously colored ones are high waters
 
 you ok\n?
 
 u didn't tell me that. :P
 
 yeah sure mock the giant bruise on my ass
 
 haha
 
 floor soooo slippery
 
 have to mop tonight.
 
 lol
 
 probably blow it elsewhere but im pretty sure you can only get the nailpolish online or something and I dont care enough
 
 would she use it on that? or would she blow it elsewhere? lol
 
 The only thing I know she wants is a twenty dollar katy perry nail polish. My plan was to hand her a twenty with nail polish written on it.
 
 see thats t6he idea lol
 
 so what
 
 if anything are we getting sissy?
 
 lol
 
 then if you get bored
 
 tired
 
 or just plain done
 
 you can blame it on 4 kids
 
 then just ask. lol
 
 :P\n
 
 I kninda want you and the kids there as I havent seen her in like six months or so.
 
 so do you watn me and the kids there? or just you three. lol
 
 Sunday we may or may not be having a party for sissy
 
 I dont know. I know we wont be having a big family party but maybe mom will be having one. I am unsure
 
 Saturday is a birthday party for my friends kids. You can either drop off me and billy and Rene or you can bring your kids too
 
 not so much
 
 so Hello kitty g-string? ROFL
 
 Yep
 
 lindseys?
 
 sissys birthday today
 
 Children suck
 
 We should go to Omaha then
 
 brb
 
 nebraska'
 
 theres one in Omaha
 
 I saw a picture on win! i want it. There was a whale shark swimming over the people. I need to see that. 
 
 umm.... ok?
 
 I wanna go to the aquarium with the tunnel under it so you can walk under the water
 
 then stop eating so much junk food :P
 
 I dont have a body to make money. :P
 
 I could make more money on a street corner in two hours
 
 I dont care what I do for the most part if I get money for it
 
 probably
 
 Yeah
 
 still makes absoloutly no fn sense. Hey military
 
 wanna make a couple hundred dollars? come sell hot dogs while grown men jump each other for a leather ball!!! nope still doesnt seem intelligent. But that could be in part to my unquenchable hatred towards most "competitive" sports.
 
 we are running one of the concession stands
 
 and have a few hockers
 
 we make money that way. lol
 
 I guess that would make sense. Why they have the military volunteer at a barbaric sporting event I will never understand. 
 
 With the Military volunteering
 
 we get free parking if you carpool with 4 people
 
 hughes thats what it is
 
 sam hughes
 
 yay free parking I guess
 
 I wasnt aware they had any unless you knew someone who lived in the sam whatever it is neighborhood right next to the stadium. 
 
 4 person carpool rule and all that
 
 I have someone picking me up to go to the game at like 3 or 330 so they can get free parking
 
 well there we should be fine. 
 
 lol
 
 youd be calling my mom and my family members to beg for assistance :P
 
 hell youd have to find a different babysitter I need out
 
  you need to go hang out wit hpeop
 
 I was hoping I didn't screw that up
 
 ok
 
 so we should be fine
 
 awesome. about 10 or eleven
 
 when were you and Jackie hanging out
 
 Hey so I am 'volunteering' on Saturday at like 3pm till whenever we leave the game
 
 :P
 
 she is a multiple evil
 
 granted so are you
 
 the lesser of multiple evils
 
 true
 
 and I dont pay her
 
 she doesnt pay (doesnt look good if she trys for the kids)
 
 I dont know
 
 if I didnt have child support in mine I would never get it so
 
 Well thats good. I guess.
 
 alls good
 
 she pays me
 
 I pay her.
 
 so we can't hold that over each other
 
 neither is Child Support
 
 the paying her isn't on there
 
 This is SERIOUS
 
 pretty much. I mean thats what me and mike did in the end. Through his lawyers notary but I wasnt paying her...
 
 that would mean I get mine notarized
 
 (three copies)
 
 then send her all three
 
 have her get them notarized
 
 keep one
 
 send me two
 
 I file one. and and keep the other
 
 thats what I did to mine. I mean granted it was in az for both but a notary is a notary so I dont think it would matter. 
 
 (FINGERS Crossed)
 
 I think I might only have to have a Notary sign that I'm signing my Divorce papers then I can send them to Marissa. 
 
 lol ok
 
 I couldnt remember. Im thinking fishsticks for dinner. I feel like being lazy
 
 why whats up?
 
 correct. it is Friday night
 
 bowling isnt until tomorrow right?\n
 
 which also remembers my password...
 
 I was talking about the fact that you did unblock her...but okay. Whatever
 
 imma go play neopets.
 
 so its the computer
 
 because I wouldnt' fuck with my pictures. 
 
 I know that I ddin't do it
 
 I dont have an answer
 
 ??? thats your response...okay
 
 boo
 
 I wonder if those sites have internal memory
 
 instead of running off your own personal settings.. hmm. no clue
 
 aol
 
 livejournal (which I just changed)
 
 myspace
 
 walgreens
 
 papajohns all still there
 
 I lost devry
 
 the banks
 
 VS
 
 Star Card
 
 Yahoo
 
 the cliick sites
 
 everything
 
  None of my passwords are messed up at all.\nAnd hahahaha you did unblock her! I knew it you fuck! Didnt I tell you that was what you were going to do?? and omg
 
 your password was really really easy to guess. just so you know. and no
 
 i dont feel bad for snooping. okay that was all  see you when you get home. 
 
 BOO!
 
 how the hell do your passwords still work
 
 what?
 
 muah see ya later
 
 as only yours removed......none of mine except fb. 
 
 :P
 
 not every one on the damn computer
 
 if I was going to remove passwords
 
  I would only do those
 
 :D &lt;3 you talk to you when you get home.
 
 no
 
 just a guess though
 
 cause Imma guess
 
 the last two days when the fb magically removed passwords that was the reason why
 
 yeah sure
 
 uh huh...how long did it take you to unblock her?
 
 love youuuuu
 
 :'(
 
 :l
 
 dont think you can get away
 
 oh no your on the list too
 
 '_'
 
 not me
 
 right?
 
 Im just in the mood to fuck with those who have fucked with me.
 
 whats with the status updtae?
 
 yes
 
 so effective lol
 
 hehehehe ROFLMAO
 
 oh look. how cute.... he fell asleep
 
 SMACK!
 
 I love how I can get two kids down
 
 but Billy just refuses to sleep.
 
 oh and I already texted you you need to pick up diapers today. we are down to the last ten or so
 
 she took a literal bite out of a roll of toilet paper and is now trying to eat wipes. I could just give her a half a tums
 
 especially if it is from an acid buildup
 
 paper
 
 chalk
 
 all kinda work like tums
 
 paper fixes that?
 
 her tummy might hurt
 
 where the hell is this  coming from?\n
 
 what the hell is wrong with saundra? she is trying to eat paper again...
 
 haha
 
 or a want to go to church. 
 
 yep is true she wants church and since I dont have a car or license...
 
 blah blah blah
 
 she has been diong the Church thing
 
 and then the sleepover. 
 
 i keep forgetting that she comes back on Sat. 
 
 yeah so ne would have to stay at moms
 
 it starts at 4:40pm and goes until 15 minutes remaining in the 3rd quarter
 
 I guess Rene will spend the night at moms if you do
 
 Ill be home with the kids mocking you
 
 have fun with that I guess
 
 I might have to 'volunteer' at the UofA game
 
 saturday? Nothing that I know of why?
 
 what are we doing Saturday?
 
 haha
 
 I just had to convince Saundra the tp was not a food group
 
 okey dokey talk toyou later. 
 
 whatever kids dont go in there. OH and stop  leaving your mother fucking clothing in the living room you slob!!! :P &lt;3 you lazy bum ttyl
 
 and you left my knife open on the Vanity in the Garage. :P
 
 Imma try to get a lot of the boxes broken down
 
 and 'tetris'd' into the recycle bin for next week
 
 now im off to make second breakfast and clean out the laundry room
 
 sounds like a good plan.
 
 sandwiches and veggie noodles
 
 okay
 
 well that gets me to figure out how much. Its snack time and they are saying they are hungry so I was thinking about it. Veggie noodles? Sgetti? sandwhiches? thoughts?\n
 
 I dont know yet. probably though
 
 Im trying to figure out what im making for lunch
 
 not sure
 
 why?
 
 are you going to be home for lunch today?\n
 
 haha
 
 GOD I WANT A SMOKE. \nyes yes he is
 
 he puts me to shame
 
 its actually quite impressive. He throws out how they all have cheated on him and how hes just afraid hell lose you. Why do you think I stayed with his bipolar ass so long? hes like a sad puppy dog..
 
 wow. he's good
 
 you can go. Im not saying you cant go
 
 im not telling you what to do. Im just annoyed
 
 you said we could spend time together and your going somewhere I cant go. Yeah right
 
 like I trust him
 
 or her. YOu know what do what you want....then the tears come
 
 yeah right :P you know nothing of the power that manipulative bastard has
 
 lmao
 
 Linds..... NICK! I'm GOING!
 
 Hey Linds.... 200$ for one night of babysitting. 
 
 whatever. Im not paranoid
 
 whats that saying.....just because im paranoid doesn't mean people arent following me. :P
 
 lol he wont
 
 depends what we pay her
 
 if her 'master' allows her to come 
 
 yes because leaving seven kids at my mothers house will be a great idea. You know she wont come on base
 
 I bet we could bribe Lindsey into it. lmao
 
 yeah not so much
 
 yeah..cause thatll happen. we have five kids
 
 a babysitter for 7 kids total. ROFL
 
 figured if they came down we could find a babysitter for all the kids and we can all go drink our asses off
 
 Im not saying they cant come or anything
 
 im just saying.......you know ill be watching
 
 realistic. You cant keep it in your pants figuratively so why should I expect you to literally
 
 paranoid. lol
 
 okay....so
 
 buddy of mine from when I used to work at the Rock club
 
 http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.424884793442.212571.687348442&amp;type=1#!/profile.php?id=687348442  thats the fiancee
 
 Okay so sometime next year a girl that you have probably sexted off and on for the past year or more will be swinging by with here boyfriend.....ok. we'll see how that goes :P
 
 oh right. Well a baby penguin was naked so its parents beat it up and abandoned it. 
 
 no confirmations yet
 
 ohh.. some time next year
 
 a friend of mine and  her bf/fiancee might be coming down to Pheonix to visit family and passing through here to party. 
 
 I thought I told you taht. lol
 
 no I can't view stuff at work.
 
 did you see the baby penguin? it made me sad...stupid penguin parent assholes
 
 uh huh cause im right :D 
 
 fine. we'll go with taht
 
 lol
 
 you're a man whore
 
 sorry correction.
 
 your a man whore thats all.
 
 id look at the info the period before the test lol
 
 ive never studied a day in my life for the same reason
 
 because I looked at the page and was done. lol
 
 uh huh sure....
 
 I never learned to actually study
 
 
 
 I used to have photographic memory
 
 and it has since gone away
 
  so that is why my memory sucks now
 
 helps
 
 visual representation
 
 
 
 unless its your wifes bum
 
 youd get a pass for that
 
 id be slightly irritated if mr. "bad memory" could pic out a girl from a shot of her bum
 
 I dont know how you could tell
 
 its just a bum..like an ass and a thong. thats it
 
 I'd have to see to tell you who it was. lol
 
 I only clicked the firts couple
 
 single pictures of girls posing. there was one of a butt in a thong. 
 
 what is in the Zipped file?
 
 haha
 
 If I could find your pictures thats what I would do. Put them all in a larger file named "Phillip is a slut" 
 
 ROFL
 
 but its funny cuz apparently he didn't let her take anymore. 
 
 lol
 
 its much more fun
 
 lol okay that was rude but still. you could have just moved them into a file titled "marissa is a whore" and been childish that way.
 
 folder Idda been cool with. lol
 
 but randomly saved (just the pictures) on the Desktop
 
 not like
 
 a folder labeled her pics. 
 
 they were on the desktop
 
 atleast it wasnt a dick picture
 
 Your compter annoys me. OOh shirtless omg
 
 your such a two year old
 
 and then.... she got mad. LMAO
 
 I deleted ones that showed ryenn shirtless. 
 
 I havent seen any other then her trolling around looking slutty lol
 
 like those party pics. that I'm too lazy to delete\nshe had some 'interesting' pictures on there in England\n
 
 (easier to delete hers)
 
 The file is probably hidden somewhere. I did that so I could easily tell what pics were saved by marissa and which ones were by me. 
 
 I honestly have no clue I got annoyed and gave up. When I search my name I get five pics. Two are of the kids and a couple videos. But when I go to look for the actual file I cant find it. It says its in L: in pictures/Nikkole but no such luck
 
 lol
 
 we both know my memory sucks.
 
 There are a lot
 
 and for the most part
 
 I just saved every picture. 
 
 your computers confusing me. I quit
 
 and a couple pics of a girls butt in a thong....not my butt. Mine is not that nice
 
 theres like five pics repeated through three files and a couple videos
 
 most of them are there. but I dont know what you saved to computer vs email etc. 
 
 found some of them. Did you save them all or just the ones you liked?
 
 do you have the file under my name or something I can search?
 
 hmm. look for yours again
 
 okay wait theres wifeys party pics those werent in there a minute ago
 
 im about to do a search for jpegs just to be a bitch to the computer
 
 I dont even know where the files are. I just searched your comp and didnt find anything but pics of the kids and a zip file with some pics
 
 New computer time. ! lol
 
 but your pictures are gone too?
 
 I think there are 'some' doubles in there but I'd have to check
 
 well
 
 I looked. I have no clue
 
 yea its not those.
 
 I dont even see my pics. but i did find a bunch of pic on a zip drive...
 
 no
 
 she didnt even really aknowledge. We should just call her tomorrow before she leaves for work. I doubt she even asked frank so she probably has to check.
 
 did she ever answer about the bike?
 
 lol
 
 she actually left me a voicemail telling me she had decided I was brain damaged
 
 umm ok? lol
 
 btw mom has decided I have a deficit or damage to my prefrontal cortex. This causes an issue with morality as in I know right from wrong but dont follow correctly and an issue distinguishing reality. Apparently common in adhd
 
 bipolar and psychopaths...
 
 lmao
 
 btw I told Preston I was too sick to go over. Which is partially true lol
 
 lol
 
 Power turned back on. Granted it turned back on before you pulled out of the driveway but Im not sure if you noticed lol
 
 aloha
 
 I will sleep
 
 you deal with evil children
 
 okay good
 
 So there dumb shit
 
 anyways. I'm on my way home. :P
 
 :P
 
 a bike is not a priority
 
 I dont care its still stupid
 
 but thats out of Savings. lol
 
 not this week your not mr "were financially screwed"
 
 I think Imma check the savings account when I get home to possi bly get it
 
 yup yup
 
 hey its better then nothing.
 
 still 50 bucks off at a minimum
 
 out of 420. lol
 
 I guess
 
 or 370
 
 lol so its either 330
 
 fuck if I know
 
 did he mention 330$ total? or do I still have to pay the 40 for the Shifter's changeout?
 
  yeah
 
 u there?
 
 Frank said 330 for the bike
 
 Im sick
 
 like huddled over a pot puking while i make the kids food sick. Warning you simply so you know that the minute you get home I go to bed.
 
 Jackees new boy toy does MMA too
 
 &lt;3
 
 I guess that could be true. 
 
 so you associate them with each other
 
 him and billy talk the same
 
 So his speech makes me think hes short? Yeah....that totally makes sense...not
 
 speech\n
 
 I forget hes taller. I dont know why
 
 adam is a little long for it
 
 Possinly
 
.i guess I just dont think about it because billy fits so well
 
 I've done it before sleeping in a chair
 
 he was all jacked up looking
 
 if you sleep on it wrong all night
 
 Dude how would that make it pop?
 
 the ottaman might explain his arm
 
 Time to bring that mattress back out at night
 
 probably not
 
 Hes currently crying in his room. He is having a bad day today. I dont thnk he slept well last night
 
 damn. okey dokey
 
 No blocks for adam today
 
 throwing
 
 no sharing and crying when billy touched blocks. 
 
 5202709386
 
 what is your cell number?
 
 oye\n
 
 :P buttface
 
 haha
 
 is a nummy sammich
 
 haha
 
 I have a sammich
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 Have fun ttyl
 
 I need an eye rolling emoticon. Why is there no eye rolling emoticon? Its my go too face
 
 Well off to a meeting
 
 :)
 
 of course
 
 goodie. save me one? :)
 
 I boiled the whole dozen lol
 
 you should hard boil me an egg. :D
 
 haha
 
 egg salad sanwhiches oh yeah
 
 but its fine now
 
 hes using it
 
 he lifts his arm I keep checking like the paranoid freak I am...oh guess whats for lunch?
 
 oh hm.... no clue
 
 dude no it popped and he screamed and pulled his arm down and it popped back. It was scary as fuck
 
 He's flexible
 
 no lol
 
 I thought I dislocated his fucking shoulder the little shit. I swear to god I want to beat him for fighting me and making me accidently hurt him which makes no sense at all but whatever
 
 lol
 
 adams shoulder popped out and back in. I was trying to move his arm from blocking (he hit billy and wouldnt stay in time out) I heard it pop. Scared the crap out of me but he seems to be fine. No bruising or swelling
 
 it was at .407 this morning
 
 .4850 and 5.967.
 
 what are the clickys at?
 
 oh fine if you insist
 
 \n\nno looky for the third one unless I'm there. :P\n\n
 
 Need food
 
 coffee and sex in that order. Off to go look for them
 
 Billys desecrating junebug corpses with a hotwheels car
 
 Nope
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Zippo-Hello-Kitty-Butterfly-Lighters/dp/B004P6N8LI/ref=sr_1_4?s=hpc&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1316449048&amp;sr=1-4
 
 You should be. My head hirts and the instamt hurts my belly so I screwed
 
 Yean you dont need a hello kitty lighter. How bout a magic the gathering or halo dweeb lighter instead?
 
 ouchies
 
 I'm sorry
 
 Btw we dont have coffee this depresses me
 
 or I can start smoking again and get me a hello kitty lighter. ROFL
 
 I'll spoil you  :P
 
 and sheel get atleast 6 if you count her moms family and nicholas so she dont need extra :P
 
 well that doesnt count and that only  brings it up to three so there :P
 
 and me me me me
 
 nope. nope nope and Ill get like two. one from secret santa
 
 one from my mom
 
 :P
 
 you'll get like 5
 
 ohh why not?
 
 Fcuk no
 
 maybe she'llll get two then. :P
 
 yep. I think I just give her twenty bucks for xmas. If we get her anyway. Moms fam does secret santa. You buy a present for everyone under 18
 
 everyone older then 18 gets one present from their "secret santa"
 
 thar be a lot of dem dar things
 
 holy mother of fuck
 
 and type in Hello Kitty Zippo
 
 images
 
 go to google. 
 
 OMG..
 
 she probably would like it.
 
 but I think that a Hello Kitty Zippo would be a nice Christmas Present. lol
 
 a big fan of undies
 
 you can buy me a gstring. I probably wont wear it though....im not 
 
 yeah I would cut you.
 
 hat maybe
 
 lighter maybe
 
 G-string... thats not gonna happen. lmao
 
 I know you want sissys nuts
 
 :P
 
 buttface
 
 yeah jk jk my ass.....
 
 Soooo Hello kitty G-string christmas present then?   ROFLMAO jk jk jk
 
 :D stupid shift key..
 
 :d
 
 uh huh. 
 
 oh really? lol
 
 hey you might not be excited but Im extatic. I just need to make sure my ass doesnt get too much fatter then I will have ass and boobs to have the cute boys look at even when Im whale sized :P
 
 lol
 
 The little things that make my babies happy. Im just excited I can wear my pants. Not even sissy pants
 
 but my I used to be about four inches smaller in the waise pants
 
 lol
 
 she likes to see what the baby looks like inside the belly
 
 &lt;(")
 
 lol
 
 I tried to type eeeek renes sitting behind me looking at baby pictures
 
 ??
 
 ?
 
 omg eeweeeeee
 
 BOO!  &lt;(")   PENGUIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 pssst....
 
 aight
 
 okay. Im not sure if the milk is bad or if my stomach is just uber sensitive so when you get here on lunch you should check. 
 
 ok then write it down
 
 cuz I have to come home during lunch and pick up the care plan
 
 nvm you wont get the list texted to you. I dont want to text that long of a list. 
 
 or maybe on top of them...im not sure on that
 
 on the counter by mikeys xbox. under your wifes medical papers]
 
 the thing you signed lots of times
 
 most of your paperwork that I have seen lately is on the counter by Mikey's xbox
 
 Which one is that?
 
 is?
 
 :P do you know where the Family Care Plan
 
 tada and the house is clean...you know except for your desk and the laundry room thats full of garbage you need to take out
 
 btw your at 3.361
 
 nope well he helped
 
 no some idiot did
 
 YOU didnt do it
 
 I'm sorry.
 
 they have too much energy for this shit
 
 I lack patience after five plus hours in a room with a four year old and two two year olds. 
 
 oh for creying out loud its either over or it isnt
 
 this halvsey bullshit is ridiculous
 
 but the rest of us are still locked down
 
 people with kids in school can go pick them up
 
 officially hate this house and most of what comes with it
 
 oh screw that
 
 its only Half over
 
 then go back inside
 
 Thank mother fucking god. 
 
 you can go smoke
 
 if we get the chance supposed to go get her 
 
 moms getting rene tonight.
 
 awe they got rid of all of the contradicting comments on kvoa. Darn and they were entertaining me.
 
 he doesnt have a babysitter for tomorrow and he works at like 6 am. I told him to call mom because I couldnt do shit right now
 
 ? why... whats up? lol
 
 to see if he could drop of rene right NOW lol
 
 mike just called me
 
 The house looks ridiculous. The dining room and kitchen are borderline clean as possible and the living room/hallway are a pit.
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 I am female you know.
 
 hey its how it is. I can hold it off by cleaning and sheer strength of will but only temporarily. 
 
 :P
 
 is too. You never take out the garbage. uh uh. Not until I have had a breakdown which I cannot have until everything is over and you are here to watch the kids while I turn into a quivering pile of uselessness.
 
 i bowl in 4 hours. lol
 
 not my fault
 
 you should be all your fault
 
 sorry. lol
 
 It amells like crap in here
 
 eh whatever. is what it is. Imma sneak away from the kids into the garage. 
 
 but you have to start somewhere. :P
 
 I know you wont care until we start making a couple hundred a month
 
 whatever. Is not overly anything
 
 right now its 32$
 
 remind me to look in an hour and thirty four minutes
 
 then I can multiply that by 10 and that is the new estimate on what we will get
 
 I dont know
 
 ok so in 1 hour and 34 minutes I wonder what it will be at
 
 27 days 1:34
 
 I know its league. You will still have to wait till my mental breakdown is over.
 
 can you click on the little person on the top of the page to view how many days are left?
 
 ohhh 3.23  goodie
 
 tonights league. lol
 
 If you want to go bowling tonight your going to have to wait until after my mental breakdown fyi
 
 3.237
 
 what is Neobux up to?
 
 Yep it was the only thing that looked at all appetizing
 
 from yesterday?\n
 
 lol
 
 Yay deli whichlol
 
 I  is now
 
 eat east eat eat eat
 
 I just realized I hadnt eaten today. Not so good
 
 Only a bit away
 
 we'll get them in the middle of October
 
 Ooh nummy
 
 with white chocolate chips
 
 double chocolate chip cookies
 
 Well
 
 hope this is over soon or imma be exhausted
 
 haha     
 
 Nope doublechocolate
 
 you know you are going to eat the shit out of yummy
 
 warm 
 
 home baked
 
 white chocolate macadania nut cookies
 
 Ridiculous
 
 YUMMY
 
 so I bought one of each
 
 11 dollars 3lb tub
 
 that is what they were sold in
 
 hehe\n
 
 Little excessive
 
 3 lb tubs each
 
 ooh sounds nummy
 
 Double chocolate
 
 white chocolate chips
 
       and white macadania nut
 
 coolio. I have the kitchen and dining room spotless. Stress makes me clean
 
 I ordered two tubs of cookie dough
 
 I figured..
 
 probably for awhile
 
 still locked down
 
 let me know when I can go outside to smoke...
 
 http://www.kvoa.com/news/dm-confirms-base-wide-lockdown/
 
 the screwy comments are on kvoa.com. Theres like four or five seperate article things. and they are on those
 
 where are the comments?
 
 kold.com they have streaming video of the live stuff right now
 
 what is the website?
 
 Kold has the most run on conversations I have ever seen going on
 
 and the husbands will probably get in trouble
 
 thats what I am saying
 
 thats becuase they are retarded
 
 the wives are saying shit that does not match the "official" stuff
 
 no the base contradicted the wives
 
 the base has not contradicted... the initial report was from the Tucson Fire Department. not the base
 
 Yep
 
 especially when they have their full names on their comments. Wont their husbands get in trouble? It just seems stupid to me. Especially when the base is contradicting everything they say in their official statements
 
 thats because the ones that posted stuff are fucking retarded
 
 well they seem to be doing a good job of bitching each other the fuck out
 
 that is why we don't say anything
 

 
 Its covering the news sites. THere is so much speculation and soooo many af wives mouthing off at each other for saying too much
 
 DM is on the news again. lol
 
 it wasnt too hot. just warm
 
 eh
 
 ill live. 
 
 it'll be warm
 
 ok
 
 brb Imma go smoke in the garage. No smoke detectors
 
 but I kinda figured
 
 You know its already on the news. The whole active shooter things in all the comments on kvoa
 
 DM's on CNN now
 
 hey
 
 also... dont tell anyone anything
 
 nah
 
 just got the kids laying down if I get up to open it theyll wanna go play outside.
 
 open the back door
 
 the house reeks of bleach fumes
 
 damn it
 
 probably not
 
 do you think if I turned on the stove vent and smoked over the stove it would keep the alarms from going off?
 
 why?
 
 Now I really fucking need a smoke
 
 ok
 
 the gates locked no one in no one out s
 
 I'll let you know when I know anything
 
 This is like a highschool lockdown but creepier
 
 okay 
 
 Thank you
 
 stay online as well please
 
 thank you. 
 
 okay doors locked. blinds drawn
 
 There is an active shooter on base. so the base is on lockdown
 
 stay in the house
 
 yes why am I not going outside
 
 you there?
 
 DO NOT GO OUTSIDE!
 
 warning if your going to come home for lunch the house will be reeking of bleach
 
 hey if I get too fat Shilo does too. I do not wanna go through that again
 
 :P
 
 im gaining weight to fast
 
 I gotta be careful. Im gonna balloon. Im about five pounds over where I should be.
 
 omg your a dork
 
 with an S lol
 
 I'm amasing
 
 hahaha..
 
 I have no idea what you are talking about. I was quiet then too :P
 
 there was one time.... ;)
 
 lol I am very quiet I have no idea who you are talking about.
 
 haha you only 'roar' when I get ahold of you ;)
 
 I got Saundra using utensils atleast for the moment so on to the boys and the potty. I am super woman. Hear me roar or something.
 
 Now they are plYing soccer. It isnt much better
 
 Billy can only throw it about two feet and adam cant aim for shit
 
 lol
 
 The boys are playing catch badly is sooooo cute
 
 Love you tooooooo
 
 :P
 
 Youknow I love you. Me loving youhas never beena question :P
 
 they aren't broken down though
 
 so I'll have to do that. :P   you better loooove me since they probably have spiders :P
 
 I figure eightthirty tomorrow but I wanted to check with you before I gave her defi.ite
 
 I figure weget rid of some boxes and help her out too
 
 umm okey dokey
 
 K Aunt Barbie wants you to meet her at the gate tomorrow morning with boxes. She said pretty much anytime before we go to Peter Piper will work for her. I told her I would talk to you for her.
 
 brb
 
 I am the queen of Saundra and eating utensils
 
 haha saundra
 
 Saundra is carrying her spoon around expecting me to clap. Its cute
 
 is down
 
 site finally loaded and is broken. They are "attempting to fix the problem" We are watching robin hood men in tights. 
 
 hmm.. no clue
 
  to see if it had it in english. It wont load. Period
 
 never mind I have a feeling xbox is down. I tried to go to xbox.com
 
 1 I caught Saundra eating with a spoon and forced her to continue doing so by glaring at her from across the room when she didnt. She just ate a whole bowl of oatmeal mostly with a spoon. Granted the whole getting the oatmeal on the spoon and the remembering to hold the spoon horizontal parts are a little lacking but Yay anyway. I clapped for her
 
 she thought I was insane.\n2 the Xbox says we do not have a sufficient MTU setting. It needs to be set at 1364. I dont speak geek
 
 please translate.
 
 that was such a cute ass movie omg
 
 omg eek
 
 boo
 
 :P
 
 I meant that.
 
 :P
 
 love you too. I told him that I wasnt allowed to do a damn thing without permission. 
 
 Thank you. I love you. 
 
 hes talking hang out at his place and watch a movie but since he just asked me if we could cuddle while we watched it im thinking maybe we should go play pool instead.
 
 what are you guys gonna do?\n
 
 Crappy drainage. lol\n\n
 
 lol
 
 I talked to preston about maybe hanging out next week.
 
 I walked through a river to work. lol
 
 its hailing.
 
 its a little wet outside\n
 
 Alright
 
 see you in a bit
 
 I'm leaving now
 
 ok
 
 
 
 and a pop
 
 and a pop
 
 and a pop
 
 oh and a pop if you get the chance
 
 meat and cheese and mustard and any veggie that they happen to have except olives.......
 
 what do you want on it?
 
 yeah deli sandwhich works
 
 2.116
 
 cuz I need to get my haircut during lunch and probably call the lender about my qualifying for a VA loan that called my cell yesterday
 
 what is Neobux at so far?  (2.20 I hope. lmao)
 
 Deli Sandwich?
 
 I dont know
 
 Im honestly not hungry right now. I just made the kids peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches. Which will tide them over for about an hour lol 
 
 have you decided if you want me to pick anything up when I'm out for lunch?
 
 ok
 
 I love you.. and I am still going to do that when I get home. before we go to Walmart. 
 
 whatever IM calmed down now. Just ignore my rant and Ill see you later
 
 umm ok
 
 good thing we wont have to worry about it since I'm blocking her. 
 
 It might be a bit of an over reaction but im much more comfort&amp;ble with you being a cheating ass then her being a poaching cheat
 
 Thats fine whatever. Ill see you when you get off work
 
 but I figured it would be easier to go to Walmart today
 
 since I have bowling tomorrow. 
 
 Okey dokey
 
 well that wont be an issue when I get home and block her. Mwah
 
 Just so you know. I do have copys of the "important" conversations I have seen between you and her. If I find out that fucking hooker is pushing it again I will happily send copys to her boyfriend. She may be to far for me to physically cut but I can easily make her life a living hell. 
 
 (running money estimates in my head)  because $400 for a bike makes me feel bad....
 
 you talk to her
 
 I really dont know
 
 fine and dandy 
 
 and random curiousity
 
 how much money do you think your mom can get off of the bike?
 
 Ok
 
 We can go right after work
 
 and I'll run tonight instead of right after work. Sound good?
 
 youll just unblock her later. Its a pointless exercise.\nI figured wed go after work today or tomorrow. We wont have too much time saturday as the partys at noon
 
 oh.. when are we going to walmart or whatever for Michael's present?
 
 well after today you can pretend all you want
 
 BUT there isn't going to be anything going on... that is why I'm blocking her
 
 Im just done Phillip
 
 I cant anymore. Thats just all there is too it. Your never gonna change. Its stupid to expect you to. Obviously she means more to you then I do so just do your thing and Ill do mine. Ill be the happy little naive housewife who pretends there isnt anything going on. 
 
 i know
 
 but I do. I liked yesterday. they way it went
 
 it was smooth
 
 natural
 
 and I liked it. ohh.. and text me mop as well. we need another one
 
 and sponges
 
 whatever. I honestly dont give a shit.
 
 Its time to settle down and grow up again.  and it seems like the only way for me to do that effectively is this and I am giong to do that
 
 I want to block her. its easier that way
 
 so I am giong to do it when I get home from both accounts
 
 because I want to
 
 no whatever. You do what you want. Obviously your going to
 
 obviously shes a whore. Ill be over it by the time you get home dont worry. Itll take a month or so but I will get to the point where I honestly dont expect anything less from you. If after three conversations about her. You cant change anything except the fact that you delete her messages now
 
 then I just have to realize it is what it is. One piece of advice though
 
 you keep her the fuck away from me. 
 
 when I get home today
 
 we are both going to sit down
 
 and I am going to block her on both accounts.  that way I can't and wont
 
 chat
 
 talk 
 
 message etc..
 
 whatever. 
 
 Ok. Figured I would ask. Love you
 
 Nope. Ill probably make egg salad for me and spaghetti for the kids
 
 is there anything you want me to pick up on lunch?
 
 ok. 
 
 TTYL 
 
 Ok
 
 Love you talk to you later then. 
 
 And I was just responding 
 
 ok
 
 it wouldn't show up for a couple weeks if we ordered
 
 I was just asking
 
 I have chocolate cake
 
 pie and chocolate Im good right now.
 
 ? ok... 
 
 Nothing
 
 Someon eat work is selling velvet cake rolls
 
 and lots of baked good through a  School magazine for their kid.. what do you want? :)
 
 Ok... I'll get it all after I get off work
 
 Mwa love you
 
 Milk
 
 cereal
 
 corn
 
 peas
 
 alfredo sauce
 
 breakfast bars
 
 soda
 
 bagels
 
 creamcheese
 
 lunch meat and cheese (i dont really trust whats in the fridge) anything else you think of. ill text it to you too
 
 Mwah
 
 look i decided not to care
 
 but that doesnt mean my brain listens right away so in order to prevent me getting mad and gonig off imma decompress for a bit. TTYL
 
 I noticed. lol
 
 but the two year old did
 
 i dont see it. 
 
 same boobs
 
 same hair
 
 same eyes
 
 same glasses
 
 same skin
 
 Add about five pounds to lindseys face
 
 that isnt the point the point is its weird.
 
 I still dont see how her and Lindsey apparently look the same. not really
 
 and Im' not so :P
 
 I don't talk to her. So :P
 
 your seriously asking me if random chick you talk to looks like your ex wife who I think your still in love with because she popped up on your news feed? Dont see anything wrong with that at all? Not even a little?\n
 
 ?
 
 your an ass
 
 Not really
 
 they look like they could possibly very distant cousins
 
 I dated her in 7th grade
 
 and I just saw a new picture of her on my updates feed
 
 and youa re  a better judge than me
 
 ok
 
 I was wondering
 
 I thought she looked simiar now. 
 
 why are you asking me this?\n
 
 the smile and straight ass hair. her face is different though.
 
 http://www.facebook.com/jnpatton   does she look like Marissa at all? just curious
 
 you know you have the password for your work profile on the computer too right? Dont worry your not in trouble
 
 I decided not to care a while ago. However that reaper quote is running around in my head a bit.
 
 ??
 
 currently fits my mood
 
 scary part of Reaper. lol
 
 no clue. I'm leaving now. Mwah
 
 Boo
 
 Shes almost ready to go. Have to find shoes any clue where a pair is?\n
 
 arent you apposed to be getting prepped for a meeting or something. BTW mom says we should name it accident
 
 uh huh sure you do
 
 I do appreciate it.  when you do clicky clicky :D
 
 I keep doing it cause Im annoyed with it.
 
 you dont have to do any more if you dont want to.. 
 
 hmm. ok
 
 well I dont know then. 
 
 the little charty thing 
 
 page* not back
 
 are you on the back with the line graph?
 
 where is that at? 
 
 nope sorry it says 2
 
 it says 3
 
 if you click "apj_elfman" at the top. you can see how many links you have clicked total
 
 okey dokey
 
 246
 
 1.
 
 no clue dear. I'll check when I get home. what is it at now?
 
 I dont know whats up with it
 
 I cant tell if its giving money cause you have the stinking referals. Ive just done two and it didnt count them
 
 hmm... no clue
 
 is it giving the money? and not counting on that one thing? or what?
 
 Ok im annoyed with neobux and walking away. Ive clicked on two more in the past fifteen and it isnt counting them
 
 Oh he is. his week is shortened though. We get her back early for Michaels party at peter pipers
 
 I just saw the most offensive tatto ever. The two towers on fire with the caption "ITs raining men"
 
 Mike's gonna have fuuuuuuun this weekend
 
 maybe she's pissed cuz we were 'mean' to her last night
 
 Nooo clue. 
 
 rene just started crying and asked me when me and her dad were going to "get back together" where in fuck did she get that?
 
 haha
 
 I am now clean
 
 hmm. ok. haha
 
 ????
 
 nope just found it...on the fridge
 
 I thought it was on the Computer desk
 
 nope
 
 hey do you know where the hairbursh went?
 
 yay meetings. 
 
 BLARGH!\n
 
  I am soooo happy for another meeting.....
 
 :) hehehehehe
 
 itws only one and I still have a meeting at 3
 
 okey dokey
 
 Dont forget its wednesday :P
 
 hehe
 
 :P
 
 Lol your a dork. 
 
 &lt;(")   PENGUIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 Whay?
 
 guess what?? 
 
 boo]
 
 You wont say that when you see it.billy and adam tried to clean/plunge it while I was aaleep
 
 ok
 
 And you are so cleaning that bathroom. O cant evrn look at it
 
 Weelll I alnost sleot for an hour
 
 nighty night
 
 Done amd ill try lol love &lt;3
 
 have fun. and set the alarms
 
 Imma take a nap
 
 pray they dont do anything stupid while im asleep
 
 Aiden pryce and stephanie (stevie) paige
 
 :P
 
 aiden maybe
 
 stevania (NO!) sounds like a damn country name
 
 Two
 
 so it says you need what one more?
 
 I did but it says I only clicked twice
 
 I have to click a minimum of 3 a day to get the money from the referrals
 
 as long as you clicked 3 more times
 
 I'm good. 
 
 your at over a dollar now. Im done for the day. Gonna put the kids down and curl on the couch till you get home. Love ya
 
 sweet thank you
 
 at .94
 
 aidan 
 
 Stevania 
 
 lol
 
 mmm I want bbq pork on white rice. We should buy that when we go grocery shopping on whatever day we get around to it lol
 
 hehe thank you 
 
 now we are at  .844 cause Im an awesome clickyer
 
 thats not horrible. However your excessive use of the word "like" is. You sound like me as a thirteen year old....
 
 soo. if we get it up to $1 by like the time 24 hours has passed then it'll be 30 bucks before the referrals go away.
 
 I went to bed at like 45 cents and woke up to like 82 cent. lol
 
 yeah but then you ate it all so there
 
 .84 something
 
 what is the Neobux up to now? it was at $.82 when I left
 
 nuh uh
 
 not my fault
 
 you shopped last time. :P haha
 
 :P
 
 I blame you
 
 I have no idea
 
 Why do we never have anything appetizing in this house.
 
 hehe
 
 omg Its a PENGUIN!! alright maybe Ill clicky. But for the penguin
 
 not for you.
 
 you already put up a note on the comp to tell me to clicky
 
 now your telling me to clicky again. Just for that I wont clicky anymore then I already have :P
 
 :D :D :D :D &lt;(") &lt;--- PENGUIN
 
 thank you 
 
 and please please clicky clicky today. :D 
 
 okey dokey
 
 and after you drop off the princess you can pick up eggs
 
 mayo and smokes :) 0
 
 LMAO
 
 the children put on barney...
 
 akey dokey
 
 Dont forget that its wednesday to moms by four
 
 yes
 
 would salsa be bad too
 
 so I need to get Eggs
 
 Mayonaise
 
 and smokes?
 
 okey dokey
 
 tacos for dinner tonight
 
 .yes please
 
 Did you want smokes or no?
 
 Atticus for a boy
 
 Stevie or stephanie for a girl
 
 using your messages as a note book for myself. Rene and I are discussing baby names now
 
 yay meeting. I want more but I know I shouldnt blah blah blah
 
 well off to a meeting. WOOOooo....oo....argh...
 
 want more or no?
 
 haha
 
 but hey at least Adam and Saundra took a nap
 
 im outta smokes :(
 
 :P
 
 Im not a complete moron
 
 :P
 
 I did eat dork face
 
 ? EAT!
 
 I is dizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzyyyyyyyyy
 
 lol
 
 I dont know it popped into my head
 
 ?? confused\n
 
 Magical mystery meat
 
 :)
 
 and paprika on top 
 
 with no relish
 
 
 
 are you making me devilled eggs?
 
 lmao
 
 Yes so I can have egg salad. 
 
 Soo. eggs and Mayonaise
 
 probably. it does have eggs in it. 
 
 Would the.mayo be bad? If so you should get more mayo too
 
 Dont forget eggs
 
 remind me before I leave. lol
 
 okey dokey.
 
 Eggs we need eggs get eggs
 
 You'll get some tonight... but I have to study after. :P  lol apparently we are taking a pretest next week. and I haven't really studied at all. 
 
 If I have a girl Im definitely going with Summer. See I got this all planned out.
 
 definitely the first name of my future male child
 
 doesnt change the fact that its an awesome name
 
 and I was at a meeting. :P
 
 neine
 
 Obviously you agree with me and my name choice. So if Its a boy in my uterus their name shall be Atticus. 
 
 or however you spell his name
 
 Like Caractticus Potts
 
 but without the Car part
 
 If I have a boy
 
 his name will be Atticus
 
 Atticus is good name
 
 ??
 
 if i have a boy I wanna name it Atticus :D
 
 three and a big shed
 
 nope 
 
 see... we need 6 bedrooms. lol
 
 but it wont stay that way for long
 
 renes stuff has been downsized
 
 that takes up room
 
 your a dork. UH HUH if its a girl then we will have three princesses worth of stuff
 
 haha
 
 nuh uh.. 6 bedrooms.. SOLVED!
 
 whatever there will be five kids
 
 there will always be cramped. Especially if this one is a girl.
 
 I dont like cramped. :P
 
 the older ones just barely started moving out. They did all live there when they first moved in. 
 
 and not all the kids live there. :P
 
 have you seen their house?
 
 lol the duggers only have three bedrooms and they have 17 kids :P
 
 :P
 
 unless the bedrooms are like 15x15
 
 3 bedrooms?????   5 kids.... umm... no
 
 It isnt bad
 
 Im not as picky as you
 
 3 or more bedrooms
 
 at least 2 bathrooms and Im good
 
 I hope its still available next year. lmao
 
 I still like the one on FIllmore. 
 
 haha
 
 damaged psycho people who0 need therapy and drugs
 
 insane people
 
 they are crazy people
 
 I hate HOAs
 
 they suck balls
 
 I know but a girl can dream
 
 you will probably always deal with a HOA
 
 booo home owners association
 
 I like
 
 Hey three bathrooms!!
 
 light exercises
 
 isometrics
 
 walking etc. Im just not allowed to lay on my back or lift heavy weights.
 
 I dont know what you can do
 
 if you are pregnant
 
 exercise wise....
 
 http://www.tucsonproperties.net/homes/21103813%206567%20W%20Cedar%20Branch%20Way%20Tucson%20Arizona%2085757.htm
 
 phillip  make me exercise before I look like rosie o' donnel
 
 maybe next month ill let you go play poker if we have leftovers lol
 
 guess I'll just have to do REALLY good in the Bowling Tourney. lol
 
 Ive got to start excersizing. You have got to make me exercise before I blow up like a balloon
 
 lol
 
 good point. 
 
 theres no money with which to play
 
 Um....no
 
 haha let me go play poker. ;)
 
 win the lotto first
 
 yeah.... 270
 
000 dollars....
 
 4300 sq ft lmao
 
 ha only 270 grand
 
 ohh why not?
 
 no lol
 
 http://www.tucsonproperties.net/homes/21117844%206080%20W%20Sandy%20Oasis%20Pl%20Tucson%20Arizona%2085742.htm  haha
 
 Soo I need to go pick up his magic cards today?
 
 haha
 
 mi`key is 18 today
 
 cause you were down stairs an additional 1.5 hrs
 
 nuh uh
 
 you7 were asleep when I got upstairs. lol :P
 
 Hey your the one who neglected me....
 
 hahaha
 
 seriously tonight I will get some. I should have gotten some last night.
 
 go ahead and start dinner now. 
 
 anyway
 
 my cells dead so call the house phone if you need me. I texted it to you a few days ago.; ttyl
 
 ALRIGHTY. Any idea whenish youll be off so I know when to start prepping?
 
 okey dokey. I'm hungry
 
 so make two if we have it. :)
 
 Okay
 
 Ill grab a thing of hamburger and throw it in the microwave. 
 
 we can do hamburger helper and I"ll pick up some milk
 
 any ideas for dinner? I didnt defrost anything and Im kind of afraid of 90% of the shit in the fridge. Including the milk which means no hamburger helper.
 
 I love the internet
 
 Um... WOW!
 
 The babies in rugrats dont exist and are the products of Angelicas imagination because her mother ignores her and her relationship with her father is shallow and parasitic. In reality
 
 Chuckie died along with his mother which is why chaz is such a nervous wreck.Tommy was a stillborn which causes Stu to sit in the basement making toys for his son who never had a chance to live. The DeVilles had an abortion. Angelica couldnt decide if th unborn child should be male or female and thus simply invented the same character in her head twice with different genders.
 
 haha
 
 let me find it and ill copy it since you cant open the link...
 
 omg I saw the creepiest thing
 
 rugrats... TOMMY PICKLE!
 
  whatever I have rugrats and you have work so there
 
 :P
 
 ahha
 
 oh fuck it
 
 darn it
 
 &lt;(
 
 im so very happy for you...
 
 PENGUIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 :D :D :D &lt;(")
 
 over and over and over again
 
 I will keep reminding you
 
 ok
 
 keep reminding me. haha
 
 dont forget my app is on the 21st. So youll have to take everyone to moms before you go to work
 
 Im right you know :P
 
 haha
 
 sep 27th at 7:30? crap youd best be setting your alarm for 3am
 
 haha my PT test is on September 27th at 7:30 am
 
 GTG
 
 Time to get saundra ready for her nap. I think shes going to rub her eyeballs right out of her skull.
 
 lmao
 
 exactly!! No enjoyment whatsoever. To enjoy sex is to be slutty
 
 you just lay and take it when I want it? is that right??
 
 I have no idea what you are taling about. I am a lady
 
 ladies do not enjoy such things
 
 but you loved every minute of it. LMMFAO
 
 lol
 
 :(
 
 YOUR SO MEAN
 
 Rofl shut up. 
 
 a baby? LMAO\n
 
 Its what you get
 
 :P :P :P :'(
 
 weelll hahaha at you too. Atleast I dont have to get my teeth cleaned
 
 haha
 
 they are all cranky butts today
 
 rofl lol
 
 he got up from the table five times cause he was tired and wanted to go to bed. So I sent him to bed. Hes been trying to come back down stairs for about 20 min now
 
 Im being mean to Adam just so you know
 
 :P whatever
 
 it was on the counter
 
 also I have no clue where that brownie is
 
 :P :P :P
 
 :P
 
 Ive only had like five friggin cookies
 
 I want oreos and theres only one third of the container left you pig
 
 did you eat the Oreo brownie?
 
 why not? lol
 
 there is not enough chocolate in this house.
 
 Well % dumped the one milk and have your uniforms in the wash
 
 :D
 
 yup
 
 only a little. You know I love ya
 
 ohh thats mean
 
 yay?\n
 
 back for a moment
 
 grrr arg have fun
 
 anyways. off to a meeting. WOooooo....argh........
 
 workin on it. :P
 
 :P
 
 cause you dont brush your teeth so they arent used to sensation. If you brushed your teeth everyday it wouldnt hurt :P
 
 it has always hurt me
 
 and dental cleaning doesnt hurt
 
 youre always in a bad mood
 
 Dental cleaning today remember
 
 and I'll be in a bad mood and my mouth will hurt. 
 
 ok
 
 remind me. \n  
 
 please please please please
 
 please
 
 tonight. Garbage
 
 recycling
 
 adams bathroom
 
 nuh uh..........
 
 e
 
 speaking of wast
 
 i9ts a waste of time
 
 no it wont.
 
 I like money
 
 and eventually it will get to money
 
 :P
 
 :D\n
 
 :P dont care
 
 but I love you 
 
 d
 
 I guess
 
 its internet cheating and I am ethically oppose
 
 sooooo do you want to click refresh on those clicky sites? :)
 
 love you too
 
 lol :P love you
 
 hmm you didnt do anything. I was just thinking about your tendency to be a little bit like a seventeen year old boy with procrastination and a tendency towards being addicted to electronics
 
 what did I do to be labeled as nuts now?
 
 How am I nuts now?
 
 :P you are completely absolutely totally and completely nuts. But for some reason I still think you're adorable.
 
 ok Mwah ttyl
 
 see you later
 
 and I'll see you in a little over an hour to giv eyou a hug and a kiss
 
 beat kids
 
 and go to a fundraiser
 
 oh. i thought you meant while she was here. I was like... what?!   anyways. I lov eyou. Mwah
 
 Its in your messages to her on your other fb. I threw a bitch fit about it last month
 
 I love you crazy lady Mwah
 
 I still dont remember saying it to Marissa. but anyways. 
 
 "and still saying it to Marrissa and lots of other things so I win
 
" stupid touch screen
 
 boink? wow.... I love you crazy pregnant lady Mwah
 
 Znd still saying it to marrissa z bfs and lits of other things so o win
 
 you lose
 
 which means I lose but whatever. :P ttyl before I get crankier. 
 
 You said that while you were still boinking them so there!
 
 you
 
 whatever pregnant lady
 
 I love
 
 Is nit mood swing! Is everytime I stop to thinj facts run through my head and then I get annoyed again. Isnt mood swing is factual thoughts so there! :P
 
 whatever pregnant lady :D
 
 Is not mood swing :P 
 
 ok
 
 have your mood swing. I love you anyways
 
 Your really not gonna win this one
 
 But... you aren't convienant and you are definatlely better than everyone else. :P mwah
 
 I thought it polite to warn you
 
 Just so your warned. Im in one of those Im conveniant
 
 anyone else (who you offered the job to) could have filled my slot
 
 your a cheating piece of shit
 
 etc. etc moods.
 
 I just got used to Facebook
 
 pretty much. lol
 
 theres google + but no one worth my time is using it. 
 
 lmao
 
 the new stuff sucks. and there is no 'brand new' social media site to migrate to this time
 
 lol probably
 
 that they are idiots
 
 I know. I dont' know what Facebook was thinking
 
 Its really annoying this thing. If I respond on the message page I have unread messages on my phone
 
 if I respond on chat I have unread messages on message page and phone. If I respond on phone then I have unread message and chat on computer. 
 
 lmao
 
 God no!
 
 Sprinkler? lol
 
 Whatever
 
 im just gonna lock them outside in a bit
 
 run them around in circles for a while. 
 
 I'll be home around 11am to beat
 
 kiss
 
 and leave :D
 
 I think I'm gonna swing by the house before I go to the fundraiser
 
 and beat kids. lol
 
 No running in circles arund me in the chair. Throwing diapers and making me nuts
 
 kids any better?
 
 hugs and kisses
 
 Mwah. 
 
 And that includes being cranky :P
 
 I do what I want
 
 Whatever buttface :P
 
 Mwah Mwah Mwah
 
 have fun and beat children
 
 Whatever. Ill talk to you later I got to go deal with shit.
 
 I am sorry
 
 I forgot
 
 Well its still up for when you get home. 
 
 and get a general overview outlook on the page layout
 
 Trying to edit one photo to take the background out
 
 Thank you. cuz I was in the middle. lol
 
 Minimized. I didnt know if you were in thw middle of something
 
 I'm sorry
 
 did you exit them or minimize them?
 
 Not any less irritat%ng\ttrust me. Im honestly trying to just deal with you doing this dont need reminders thank you 
 
 I'm sorry
 
 I was trying to edit one for the page. 
 
 I wasn't working with a nude one. 
 
 sorry
 
 I was workingon the website last night.  and I was late this morning
 
 seriously you left pics up on the computer. i went to minimize the interwebs and got smacked in the face. 
 
 well
 
 part done. Floor swept
 
 dishes done
 
 counter wiped. Now theres just mopping
 
 the boys bedroom
 
 the girls room and your desk left. Mopping will have to wait till bed time. 
 
 aloha Mwah
 
 hey babe
 
 :P
 
 haha
 
 oh and saundra is eating your candy for snack. The boys opened it so I gave it to her.
 
 Its gotta be upstairs he came down from a nap with two bites. One looks like it might have little fang marks in it but it also could just be scratches from him and billy fucking around.
 
 and maybe the bedroom if we can keep them downstairs till it drys
 
 outside
 
 
 
 I'll spray everything today..
 
 ouchies
 
 Kids gettingbit to hell
 
 Adams got what mightbe a spider bite on his wrist.
 
 okey dokey
 
 Imma text you stuff for pick up on way home
 
 true true. lol
 
 :P you saw me! Roflmao
 
 haha
 
 nope havent seen anyone. lol
 
 Your horoscope on my phome says "you will make.several beautiful encounters today which will increase your confidence greatly." Even my phone makes me paranoid lol
 
 haha
 
 Billys sad the terminator died
 
 Usually then hes trying to squish em
 
 haha. who knows
 
 maybe he's playing with the moths
 
 Or he hallucinates. It is a lil creepy when he does the "i see you" to no one
 
 who knows. lol
 
 Maybe he sees ghosts bwahahaha
 
 almost everynight. if you watch him when he's downstairs
 
 he does that a lot
 
 Billysplaying peekaboo with himself. Im worried
 
 Sure
 
 you'll see
 
 but you still dont believe that you can go to bed early. lol
 
 I can study. lol
 
 Lol ok sure
 
 so I'll do that after you go to bed at 730
 
 oh I have to bring some work home tonight I have to study for a job thing
 
 Enough to makeit through lol
 
 715$
 
 ok then that means we will get paid before it. lol
 
 No next fridays tomorrow and I think its saturday so I guess thats the 17th
 
 ok that is next Friday
 
 The 16th I think
 
 so after next thursday?
 
 It was gonna be this saturday but she changed it im prety sure
 
 Week after next I think. 
 
 when is the aprty?
 
 Well
 
 I can cover about 180 ish of the party
 
 hopefully it wont really be over that. Then it shouldnt be too much for the deck
 
 we are going to be broke. lol
 
 lol
 
 Mikey would prefer a duel deck "please"
 
 Mmm coffee mak www.me happy
 
 Haha uh huh sure
 
 you will go upstairs
 
 watch a movie and go to bed
 
 Ill believe it when I see it :P
 
 lol
 
 and dont give me no lip woman
 
 ur going to bed at 7:30pm
 
 Yeah cause youll deal with the kids and all that.cha right I wont be in bed befire ten
 
 you're going to bed early :P
 
 I think imma just have to make a cup of coffee and suck it up. Billys starting to fidget
 
 Whatevrr its amazing even with the cracks. 
 
 because of the cracks. lol
 
 its nicknamed the spider phone. :P\n
 
 It lets me be lazy
 
 I love my phone
 
 u and ur damn phone
 
 I am laying down on the couch dork!
 
 Mwah
 
 lay down on the couch until they get up
 
 no map? lol
 
 Uh imma so tired
 
now tgT the kids will be waking up in twenty and I cant take a map. 
 
 whatev :P
 
 Uh huh suuuuuuuure :D
 
 sooo :P
 
 no
 
 I am not looking at houses right now. I'm waiting on an email back from the realtor. and... looking at the house in Tucson with the pool :P
 
 You were trying to send it to kathy or katy or whatever her name is :P
 
 hmm... no clue. lol
 
 I just got the pawnee link again
 
 ? I didn't send you anything
 
 I recognize the address from yesterday
 
 Is that the ridiculously expensive one?
 
 lol
 
 And a scooter
 
 Not much but a little. Haha sarah conner has an iguana
 
 at least you feel better knowing that. lmao
 
 :)
 
 jsut thought abuot it. lol (Nikki might want to know) lol
 
 I know shes not interested but watch yourself
 
 :P thank you
 
 I'm talking to Kathy about the site. just thought I'd tell you
 
 I barely remember half of this
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Terminator is on my tv. 
 
 lol
 
 pretty much. 
 
 :P
 
 Sort of. I guess. It comes off more as you just dont know how to play a clarinet
 
 make sense?
 
 I cannot do that with a clarinet
 
 because i dont know what the fingerings on the clarinet are for those notes..
 
 I can look at a piece of music with my trumpet and play it
 
 Woukdnt that be "reading" music
 
 I can read music but only on my primary instruments. I jsut dont know the notes (correlated) to the fingerings on teh other instruments
 
 Your like billys dad. He cant read music at all but can play ten instruments learning songs by ear
 
 Lol your a dork. I cant read music but I can also only play one song on a piano and nothing else
 
 I can improv on my trombone but can't read music
 
 I can play the trumpet and french horn and read music
 
 i can play one song on my clarinet
 
 but can't read music
 
 He cant play anything
 
 I'm not good on chords
 
 but I can read beginner sheet music for notes and play them
 
 I am no good at chords though
 
 But kris NEVER uses his. Hes had gis guitar for over five years now
 
 still cant play a single chord
 
 I use mine too. when I get time. and right now I have none
 
 so I'm cool with him borrowing it
 
  He says yay! He was gonna try to steal kris' but he "uses it"
 
 text him and ask if he wants to borrow it. :P 
 
 Fuck if I know how it works. Maybe you should talk to him about it. I dint play instruments so my knowledge there is lacking
 
 but I dont have any issue with him borrowing it until her gets on
 
 I think I might have two. I know the one in the laundry room works
 
 but if he's practicing he doesnt need an amp. it is easier to learn on it without the Amp. 
 
 I dont see it but I dont want to actually look. Oh he got an electric base just now. He just needs to find an amp he can usenow. Dont you have one in the laundry room?
 
 if it wouldwork maybe youll lethim borrow tillhe gets one?
 
 Did my Dungeon Seige III get home? He handed itto me but I think I put it down to pick up Saundra...
 
 he better love us. lol 
 
 Rofl pretty much. I mean its either we paid everyones phone bill or we throw him a party depebding how you look at it.
 
 he better love us. lol this sounds like we are spending the most. lol
 
 Its only like fourty wich means we will only be spensing like 240 on his bday
 
 Magic the gathering commander deck. Eitherheavenly inferno or another one I cant remember
 
 exactly.. what was the name. :P
 
 I told you that one magic deck
 
 what did he want (mikey) 
 
 it doesnt have fumes. but I'll do it. :P
 
 toxic fumes + shilo = not so much
 
 you have the spray stuff
 
 fun fun fun
 
 oh and the stinking porch is infested with baby wolf spiders
 
 aight
 
 for Saundras bum
 
 pick up cornstarch on your way home...
 
 have fun
 
 bbl
 
 well off to meeting
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Magic-Gathering-Phyrexia-Booster-Packs/dp/B004WWV5RE/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1315502223&amp;sr=8-4\n
 
 or this?
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Magic-Gathering-Card-Builders-Toolkit/dp/0786955651/ref=pd_sim_t_1 \nor maybe this
 
 he has a bunch that look like this
 
 something like that?
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Magic-Gathering-2012-Core-PACK/dp/B004VJBOE2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1315502223&amp;sr=8-1    
 
 Saundra loves Rene's hoop skirt. She thinks it makes an awesome cape
 
 "the magic box sets that look like a brick but very larger"
 
 haha 
 
 rofl yeah totally gonna work. not so much
 
 tell him too bad. Red Sequin strapless dress coming his way. ROFL
 
 he says he wants magic box set "thingies" instead lol
 
 He hasnt responded yet. Im sure hes still asleep. Or at school. I think he goes to the morning classes but Im not sure.
 
 ok text your brother and ask him if he wants 'clothes' for his birthday. ;)
 
 It just got turned back on. Mom must have figured out a payment plan. Which means we just have to be prepared to pull 200 dollars out next weekend. Ill have 140 of it lol
 
 well I would say text  him. lol but your phone dont work. lmao
 
 I think it was a game or something
 
 I dont know
 
 I mean me and linds have offered to get him clothes and hes refused them. I think this birthday he wanted cash for a book from barnes and noble and something else. 
 
 ask.. and maybe we'll get him a present that he doesnt get at the party
 
 probably
 
 do you think he would appreciate it?
 
 rofl
 
 lol
 
 Do you think your mom will get mad if I buy him a dress for his birthday?
 
 lol he likes girls
 
 so at least his sexuality has an easy answer. He needs to get out of moms house so he can crossdress and see if thats what he actuallly wants. Until then there really isnt anything he can figure out.
 
 I think he should try both sexes before he decides he wants to change his. lol
 
 lol once he decides he wants it
 
 ;) lol
 
 how cute. now he can get his operation 
 
 Hell be eighteen on the 13th
 
 aww.... mikey all growed up
 
 Mikeys birthday party
 
 oh realllly? howcome
 
 so not this saturday but next we are going to peter pipers.
 
 hahaha..
 
 So stick with us cause Phineas and Ferb are gonna do it all!!
 
 haha
 
 lol Im happy for you?\n
 
 hehe
 
 GOODIE!
 
 back
 
 ohh well hurry back. :P
 
 brb
 
 I never am. Unless Im completely screwed financially
 
 like 500 negative about to get evicted and need 850 for rent. 
 
 I am constantly thinking of ways to make money
 
 its just how I am
 
 Only for the broken people. Moneys nice dont get me wrong
 
 but quite honestly I have lived without it and I could do it again. 
 
 money makes the world go round\n\n
 
 haha... 
 
 I dont really see her doing that unless she was desperate for cash and had no other choice available. Pretty much the same as every other girl I know...well 99.99999999999% of the girls I know.
 
 am I mistaken? lmao
 
 haha... I dont see her as a hooker type (dont know why) but I just dont. lol
 
 hes kinda crazy....
 
 lol thats not the problem. He would assume that she was hooking too.
 
 I thin that they would get into arguements if she ever made more money than him. lol
 
 I dont doubt she could do it if she wanted to. Hell we have both talked about doing it before. I never did because I  have never really been in a shape that could do it
 
 even in fabulous lighting. She hasnt done it because by the time she started actually thinking about it she was with Nick
 
 haha... I think she would do ok as a stripper (please dont take that the wrong way) I don't go to strip coubs
 
 only been once and that was to pick up my dad. lol
 
 Haha
 
 Nick would kill her if she worked at a strip club. He doesnt do sharing of any form. Which is funny because he has dated strippers
 
 oh comeon.. she can work at a strip club and make some money
 
 and pay you to babysit. (I think if we get the house that Nick will get jealous and he'll start working hardcore again so that will fix that.) lol
 
 rolfmao please like that will ever happen
 
 Seeeeee once we get our house
 
 you can start watching Kaylen and Lindsey can get a job. LMAO
 
 no its all unlimited. We used to go over so we fixed it lol. What probably happened is mom hasnt paid a full payment in a couple months. She gets distracted. It happens....4 or 5 times a year
 
 :P
 
 So my check will be going to peter pipers
 
 wtf.. Someone has been slacking... do you guys have limits on anything that someone went over?
 
 I called mom
 
 shell pull the money out her ass and set up a payment plan but I have to pay for mikeys party next weekend
 
 576.07
 
 so what is owed right now? total
 
 the monthly bill should be less then 300.00 but all together
 
 including past due and this month we are at 5 something. Which we shouldnt be at since I paid 80.00 last month.
 
 I paid last month
 
 but I only paid mine and I guess we were already behind and mom didnt pay theirs. I knew it wasnt due this month till the 12th or something so I wasnt gonna worry till my next check. 
 
 didn't we pay on them?
 
 I mean apparently all together (me linds and mikey) we are 280.00 behind so they shut off the phones
 
 what doyou mean it got shut off?
 
 shit. My phone just got shut off. 
 
 713$  on the 15th
 
 umm. ok. lol\nI guess I probably need to pick up more underwear from the store then?
 
 okay have fun bbl
 
 she will have to be broken of that. I think starting this weekend Adam should only wear undies
 
 nope. llol
 
 not one bit
 
 Saundra does not like chonies
 
 yay lol
 
 lol
 
 I'm emailed the realtor back and forth. Wooo!
 
 not so much dork
 
 I thought it was unfortunate for me that you cleaned?.. lol
 
 oh.. the bored part. lmao sorry. 
 
 its unfortunate for you that your bored dork face
 
 how is that unfortunate for me??
 
 Im afraid if I touch your desk Ill throw out something you want
 
 you need to clean the boys bathroom and your desk.
 
 unfortunate for you. I picked up most of the house already.
 
 I'm bored
 
 hahahaha
 
 adams a banana theif
 
 Theres a chance right. lol
 
 haha maybe
 
 lol. The kids are on their third breakfasts. I think they are hungry....
 
 Boo hooo.... 
 
 boo back
 
 Boo! 
 
 hurry up!!\n
 
 Leaving now
 
 k :D
 
 got a meeting right now. then I'm coming home\n
 
 :P
 
 and get princess
 
 to come here
 
 shouldnt you be getting ready to leave soon?
 
 thanks though
 
 ok
 
 nm then I'll look when I get home
 
 Im not seeing it
 
 let me know hwen you find it
 
 it would be a PDF file
 
 on the desktop on the computer
 
 should be something that say (credit report)
 
 hey back?
 
 hey
 
 not by my standards and no 6 million dollar house. Lots and lots of spackle and paint and something to cover the mofo wood paneling. Why anyone ever thought that looked good I will never know 
 
 ROFLMAO
 
 http://www.reeceandnichols.com/KS/Mission-Hills/66208/homes-for-sale/5840-MISSION-Drive-61105572/popup
 
 most of it is livable. 
 
 the inside  would take weeks to make livable
 
 but its preeeetty
 
 and thats only like 38K
 
 the outside if good though
 
 nice
 
 needs a lot of cosmetics work though
 
 lol   what about that second one?
 
 really
 
 you want the 600
 
000 dollar house? No
 
 http://www.reeceandnichols.com/KS/Leavenworth/66048/homes-for-sale/622-Pawnee-Street-65475062/popup\nhe he he
 
 \nIll look when I get downstaits\tathing kids then me
 
 http://www.reeceandnichols.com/KS/Leavenworth/66048/homes-for-sale/1855-LeCompton-Road-58034739/popup   PLEASE PLEASE
 
 haha
 
 :D lol
 
 lol yay for you you got the rich trailer trash :d
 
 see
 
 i just picked the rich one in the family ;)
 
 Lol my family has less money then I do
 
 Ok just thinking of ways to get money out of our families. lol
 
 not so much :P Seriously you might wanna stop with that. i dont think this is the week for those jokes.....
 
 hey... him and Lindsey could split the guest house. HAHA\n
 
 haha but if I can get him to do it
 
 and still charge him rent. LMAO
 
 lol well thank you for the information then :D and I would expect you to help on the trash and I always do the dishes because I dont trust men to do them
 
 during work so you probably dont care
 
 but figured I'd tell you
 
 Oh
 
 I'm doing a fundraiser during lunch on Friday. 
 
 Austin said he guesses on the trash dishes
 
 and living in the guest house. lol
 
 hehe
 
 what scares me is they didnt mind the liquor flavor
 
 and it was strong
 
 messed up
 
 the stuff I bought that tasted to liquory
 
 the boys pulled it out of the fridge and ate/destroyed it
 
 ??
 
 well
 
  that tiramisu is gone now
 
 ok Love you bye
 
 boys gonna die I gtg
 
 lol
 
 tada
 
 No it isnt but the groove is closed yes. Ill close yahoo too
 
 and the Groove
 
 on that little bar by the volume is the Yahoo IM closed?
 
 Btw CANT STOP ITCHING 
 
 I already closed the groove thing so what else is there I need to close?\n
 
 thats ridiculous. I cant believe they ever thought they would get that much in that neighborhood. That cant be right. Okay so click on the thing by the volume then close what?\n
 
 The house was worth 330K in March of 2010
 
 did you look? lol
 
 What?
 
 that is the house we have been looking at
 
 look at what it USED to cost
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3221-N-Flowing-Wells-Rd-Tucson-AZ-85705/8437389_zpid/
 
 Ir genius
 
 you have to click the bottom right hand of the screen to expand the thing where the volume is and right click and then close
 
 I did already
 
 close
 
 I think the xbox is officially dead. I tried to turn it on and it does the little startup ding thing and then goes to a striped screen. I think it died
 
 lol mwah love you
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 Ill be back later. Id say id message you anyway but you know how hard it is for me when im driving
 
 alright
 
 im heading out to go drop off the oldest brat
 
 yup
 
 its ridiculous
 
 we are too ar behind
 
 catch up on bills at first
 
 which frees up 200$ to save or catch up on bills
 
 if its a little more all the better
 
 yup.. lol
 
 300 a month extra is enough to pay the phone bill and buy me smokes and soda lol
 
 well its all important
 
 you can have smokes and soda. lol
 
 300 a month extra... 
 
 that gives us extra money to catch up on bills. And maybe enough I could actually have soda and cigs
 
 not bad. ROFL
 
 100 a week
 
 costs us 100 a month
 
 ROFL
 
 thats more then I thought I would get honestly
 
 oh hell ya.. 
 
 hey be happy with a hundred a week
 
 if I could find one
 
 (sorry
 
 I'm in a money making mode)
 
 well with only 4 hours a day.. you could pick up a secod babysitting gig if you wanted. lol
 
 lol
 
 oh... darn.. 
 
 I dont know they never contacted me
 
 what was the colleg gig paying?
 
 She is useless so there
 
 just think 
 
 if you get that gig
 
 plus the college kids one. lol
 
 lol
 
 like parttime nanny
 
 you'll probably be cleaning too. 
 
 she will be here in like three weeks.
 
 If they want more than babysitting like cleaning in going to ask for a little more
 
 so that will line up perfectly with Elise (when do they want you to start?)
 
 they'll feel bad fr making you work longer than agreed. lol
 
 and you know if you have to work more. they will pay you more. lol
 
 yup
 
 Easy lol
 
 400 a month without taxes. lol for 80 hours of work. lol
 
 fun fun fun... 
 
 aww... lol cute
 
 Twim eleven month old boyr
 
 lol so who/what are you babysitting?
 
 They rescue parrots. Thats what they do. I hate birds
 
 and we get her Food Stamps. lol
 
 and just think.. you get 400 a month. Elise gets 100 lol
 
 I thought you were talking about the college gig
 
 what are you talking about?
 
 ?  
 
 I think his wife would kill him. Downside is they live no a parrot rescue. I fucking have birds
 
 20 hours a week.   5$ an hour. no taxes. lol  (no hanky panky) (thats a LOT extra) :P
 
 four hours a day?
 
 Didnt get the chance to tell you i have an interview for the babysitting gig it would be four hours mom through friday and a min me hundred a week.
 
 good girl
 
 lol
 
 she thinks she is a big girl
 
 she is also refusing to let anyone hold her bottle 
 
 she has a sad butt
 
 sophie is naked
 
 L
 
 noep?  ROF
 
 ?
 
 noep
 
 ROFL
 
 nope
 
 ha.. beat you to it. 
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 you made me listen to it dork
 
 its worth listening to again. :P
 
 I love the religious connotation
 
 ROFL
 
 you should listen to 'RANT' by bo burnham
 
 lol
 
 your retarded. But whatever works for you sweety
 
 I rode to work with Pandora on . ROFL   
 
 bo burnham for 12 hours. WOO. lol
 
 :P
 
 love you too and yeah but im crippled
 
 mwah love you
 
 you couldn't do it. :P rofl
 
 I just wanted to make sure you were alive
 
 pansy
 
 including resting this time (my legs are sore. lol) not used to riding this much anymore
 
 yay for you
 
 knocked 5 minutes off my time 
 
 ya. 
 
 you make it to work and everything?
 
 okay ill wake the kids and pack em up
 
 I'm done.. so I'm going to head to your moms. 
 
 shaky shaky the booty etc etc
 
 ok
 
 tyres at about half inflation
 
 eough to ride without being on rim
 
 so if its still there
 
 I'll ride it to your mums
 
 yep
 
 kids at what 235?
 
 if all goes well and I get stuf done fast. lol
 
 kk
 
 I might be done by two. lol (fingers crossed)
 
 lol
 
 I dont have the time nor the energy to be sick
 
 fruitcake
 
 yeah right
 
 you will
 
 lol I need my nerves checked
 
 my intestines checked....eh no worries ill never get around to it
 
 from the epederal
 
 who knows... when we get time you need to go get seen about your nerve stuff
 
 hand go to sleepy bye
 
 I dont know. Its not horrible cause I can still type obviously but it feels a bit weird when I am doing it
 
 or something like that
 
 yeah right. Its the tinglys cause I feel my hand but dont
 
 stay away from my meds. ROFL
 
 i dont know
 
 now it vibrates
 
 it went numb
 
 lol
 
 weirdo. :P
 
 I keep clapping and pulling my hands apart until the vibration stips
 
 my hand is a tuning fork
 
 its weird
 
 my right hand is vibrating when I touch it or use it like a tuning fork
 
 yes thats better than 50$ a week. lol
 
 which is a fucton better then 10 a week lol
 
 im down to like 4 or 5 packs a week
 
 so ive been trying my damndest to make the packs las as long as I can
 
 you wont chain them
 
 and since katey's gone
 
 we havent had the mony
 
 stupid whore
 
 at least she can be usefull as a go for
 
 we gotta buy you cartons again
 
 HAHA
 
 or make her go get them. lol
 
 Id just send her
 
 so there
 
 still would have to pack them up
 
 then you could go and get your smokes. lol
 
 fuck no
 
 or...  we had a nanny
 
 lol
 
 Grrr times like this I wish the kids were like 13 so I could just leave them here 
 
 weirdo
 
 oh before I actually get up. You have to clean out the tub. I took out the recycling bin to the street (maybe to late but if so I swear Ill just leave it out all fn week) emptied the garbage and recycling and rinsed out the cans....in the tub :D
 
 is true. 
 
 (theoretically)
 
 but I would get more than 150
 
 &lt;3 
 
 but kk going to watch farscape
 
 yeah its true but it drops me one fifty
 
 rofl they shouldnt
 
 and you will still qualify regardless. lol
 
 that helps with my limit
 
 yeah you should do that
 
 and.. hmm... I think if they ignore your application this time
 
 I'll try with Sophia
 
 give me another kid
 
 rofl
 
 &lt;3 you mucho grande
 
 I am going to apply agin now that I have the mortgage. lol
 
 again
 
 it wouldn't/wont be as bad
 
 when we get Foodstamps
 
 okay going to watch tv
 
 stupid still
 
 uh huh
 
 but we are working on it
 
 true
 
 but we w ould stil be brok
 
 oh right okay
 
 because we went to safeway the one time
 
 total
 
 we spent over a hundred
 
 we have only spent like ten dollars maybe twenty on food this month and we are still broke
 
 that doesnt change the fact we broke as fuck
 
 we should have some by next month. (we better)
 
 we can 'arrange' everything so she can get max Food stamps
 
 you stupid
 
 or i have income
 
 before she has income
 
 and you wnat to add two people
 
 we can barely affrd to feed our kids let alone us
 
 that would be nice. but that would require us having extra money which we dont have
 
 somehow gotta figure out how to save money starting like October 1st hopefully
 
 sounds like a plan to me
 
 so that 150 a month extra to catch us up
 
 and we should start sending like 500 per check to the mortgage starting on the 1st
 
 and it aint getting paid off this check..
 
 ouch...
 
 give or take
 
 lets see we left last month at about 100.00 plus seat for 50 plus headlight tailight and vest imma guess 70.00 so like 220.00\\
 
 between the seat
 
 headlight
 
 taillight
 
 reflective vest
 
 etc...
 
 so how much damn money do we owe your mom now? lol
 
 I loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvve yyyyyyyyou :D    and so does the penguin\n&lt;(") ;)
 
 psst.. gues what
 
 no thanks
 
 you should sit on the seat and feel it
 
 its interesting... lol one cheek moves one way.. the other one
 
 aother way. haha
 
 that sounds good
 
 better than the last time but still sore.. so I'm probably going to tilt it up some so I can sit without leaning forward
 
 oh and hows your bum?
 
 &lt;3 you to
 
 i loooooooooooooooooove you
 
 for the bike
 
 btw moms getting your crap
 
 you drive me crazy?
 
 pssst...  guess what?
 
 which will have to wait till later cause its lunch time then nap time and soph just fell asleep so I dont want to wake her up and grrrrrrrr
 
 lol  wow
 
 enough for a pack :P
 
 I gotsd to gos make lunch and yes I am addicted. I just raided my purse
 
 my pockets
 
 the change we found in moms bag last night and the pennies from the penny jar and came up with 6.70
 
 Whatever you wann do babe
 
 and its a squadron league so it will probably be more people so not bowling every week
 
 there is an intramural league on base starting in a couple weeks for 12$ a week. 34 weeks long (money league) 
 
 I got an email today
 
 addicted much? ROFL
 
 wow...
 
 haha I found a quarter. we are now at 6.50
 
 haha..
 
 almost enough for smokes lol
 
 ?
 
 I found 6 dollars and 35 cents
 
 and I'll try to fix the internet when I get home
 
 no no smokes.
 
 damn it
 
 we dont have any cigars or anything anywhere do we? Nope didnt think so
 
 yeah okay im runnign away now. &lt;3 Ya
 
 imma go make soup
 
 braiiiiinsss braiiiiiiins
 
 IM LOSING MY BRAINS
 
 also mozilla is flipp9ing out so I have to yous fucking internet explorer. fuck I just put yous . FUCK
 
 no food for grown ups
 
 so yeah
 
 yeah which is electric bill
 
 morgage
 
 and however many other things that we need to pay
 
 1300$ (ish)
 
 i get paid next week
 
 Thats not how it works.  Also i really didnt get enough for us so dont expect to eat too much
 
 so you are calling the one place today? lol
 
 haha..
 
 Spent $105 of 110 
 
 love you too have fun... and jump on ACCHS for freaking food stamps. or whoever you have to jump on. lol
 
 headed out love ya
 
 moms I still have nothing
 
 110$... your card or your moms?
 
 :P :P ;:P I hope you get that night job so she can get some use. :P
 
 jeez I dont want that bitch here
 
 so I love you but
 
 because thats how that works
 
 And you know her
 
 approve of her
 
 which means she isnt trustworthy
 
 I wont
 
 no you got a nanny. That will enver be used. Therefore just a move down. I dont trust strnangers with my kids. 
 
 but we did get a nanny
 
 you just dont recognize her as a nanny :P
 
 you really dont get it and it annoys me
 
 the reason im so annoyed about this nanny thing is we didnt get a nanny. we just moved someone out of lv theres a difference :P
 
 &lt;3
 
 $110.00
 
 tard
 
 no im shoplifting
 
 we have money?
 
 &lt;3 you 
 
 Ill talk to you later. I gotta get ready to go. Dropping Adam off and then going to go grocery shopping
 
 uh huh
 
 haha. 
 
 nuh uh :P
 
 but you suck with reading people
 
 love you
 
 Well
 
 Im right
 
 Mwah!
 
 whatever babe
 
 :P
 
 No cause shes someone you picked so therefore automatically no a good choice
 
 then put video cameras up here. :P
 
 I would rather come up with 250 a week where there are video cameras then leave them here
 
 rene
 
 adam
 
 same class
 
 billy and saundra same class
 
 seperate classes not seperate daycare
 
 shes gonna get down here and wonder why in hell you had her come out when I wont use her at all
 
 seperate daycare....  that is a bad and expensive idea
 
 You really pay no attention to anything I say about nos lol
 
 Or put them in daycare where they are in seperate classrooms
 
 I will find someone
 
 evryone works
 
 your mom works..
 
 then who will watch the kids if you work days?
 
 I have no use for her if Im working days
 
 you move her down here fine
 
 if I work night shift fine
 
 if I get a day job she moves out when she gets a job
 
 You believe what yiou want
 
 but Im not stupid and Im not willing to risk my kids on your crap taste in people
 
 :P
 
 NO
 
 it will take time to adjust
 
 but she will be fine. :P
 
 No realistic. We have five children
 
 two autistic
 
 one with the attention and impulse control of a nat
 
 and one premaddonna on top of a four month old baby. TO believe that anyone else would have the patience for our children when there are periods we dont is stupid at the least and dangerous to our children at the most
 
 ya'll are paraoid. rofl
 
 I havent tokd her but she will agree with me. She lost it when she found out we lefu  katrina with the kids for an hour to in to the store. Where do you think i get it from
 
 and what did she say about a live in nanny? lol
 
 pointless
 
 Ha ill make mom babysit
 
 :P
 
 especially if you get a job thats not at night. 
 
 sucks to be you when you work. 
 
 :P
 
 your dellusional. I dont like leaving you their father with them for more than an hour or two during the day.....no way in hell biddy gets left with the kids unless they are asleep.
 
 in time. lol
 
 lol
 
 cause she bitched at me aboput it
 
 ask katey
 
 well its true
 
 haha
 
 MWAH
 
 lol
 
 Katey lived with us and I wouldnt let her watch the kids more then 45 minutes unless they were asleep
 
 you dont know me very well
 
 lol eventually
 
 what about only really comfortable if my kids are sleepin....
 
 then you dont drive as much. lol
 
 yeah right...
 
 make elise take the kids to school. HAHA
 
 ditto
 
 i feel like all i do anymore is drive around
 
 grrrr
 
 then you could get me before picking up adam
 
 crossing my fingerses
 
 yea... hopefully everything gets done early
 
 we could do that. And Ill just change out the tire tonight. Cause even with the wheels off it doesnt really fit in the back. The only place it really fits is where we put it and then we are short a brat seat
 
 if anything I walk the bike to your moms
 
 and get picked up there by you
 
 then drive back to get the bike and go to the volunteer thing (if I get out of work work early enough)
 
 so not really 'slow' lo
 
 and I noticed the leak at wilmot
 
 and it was flat by work
 
 will the bike fit in the back of the van?
 
 Morning honey. It might be a bit of an issue for me to pick you up. If its a slow leak it would be easier to have you ride home. Mainly because at 7 when your done with airmans attic I cant have anyone to babysit and I dont think we can fit the four kids and the bike in the van
 
 morning babe
 
 &lt;3
 
 GO TO BED
 
 I thought you were just checking in for a little bit.
 
 just thought Id share
 
 I love you
 
 you make me absoloutely nuts though
 
 Horny? lol
 
 Penis
 
 Whats wrong?
 
 When you get home I need a hug.
 
 till stupid. Anf i dont want those people those people are twelve and irresponsible.sure
 
 first one make sense though?
 
 its true for a lot of people though. lol
 
 The second ones stupid
 
 theres two. lol
 
 I saw the one
 
 I meant my two comments on my post
 
 Yes its my post
 
 oh. lol ok.. did you see my posts?
 
 Nada just telling yiu
 
 what did I do?
 
 ?what?
 
 Pain in the sss
 
 mwah
 
 roflmao
 
 In old. I go to bed before my mom. She tried calling at eleven thirty last night to talk about Billy. 
 
 Mom
 
 oh.. mom ok...
 
 mon?
 
 Mon gave F's card so if she ever gets F's. ...
 
 boooo phones. lol
 
 OK. Still need to pay on phones. Get some groceries tonight
 
 VS just came out of the account
 
 MWAH!  love you babe
 
 Hey..
 
 Really not in the mood to move anyone down or even discuss it but whatever um I guess I'll just talk to you later love you 
 
 cuz I'm not allowed in her room. lol
 
 so I think you would like her
 
 I'm also talking to the Kayla chick about it (with her 1 yr old)    she has on rule.. if she moves down (no going in her room)
 
 Ah she's a whore
 
 it was her friend
 
 talking to amber again
 
 not wide enough
 
 Got two but mom says hers is men's and try tilting it forward.
 
 hello?
 
 you online babe
 
 so. I'm not worried. lol
 
 and not sore (other than my ass. lol)
 
 I'm actually not tired. lol
 
 lol
 
 LOL Pansy.
 
 accordig to google maps its 7 miles to work
 
 I want a mountain bike seat
 
 but not the (i dont have balls) seat that she has..
 
 Well we can swing by the shop and grab you a men's seat today after I drop off Adam. Do you want a big but seat? 
 
 but my ass hurts from that fuckin seat
 
 oh ye of little faith
 
 and no breaks. :P lol
 
 only took 50 minutes
 
 Yup
 
 Did you make it to work OJ?
 
 Busy ttyl 
 
 What happened with Adam?
 
 Ill truly busy dealing with ur whore
 
 whaqt happened?
 
 what happened to get everything mixed up..
 
 oh.. good... Thank you.... 
 
 They found him I got him
 
 What can I do?
 
 sorry.. now I'm freaking
 
 what can I do?
 
 have you found him...    
 
 where did he go?
 
 omg...
 
 what?
 
 They put Adam on a fucking bus
 
 Rot
 
 ok..
 
 No 
 
 and Rene
 
 and both of them together. Hopefully get a really good one of the two of them. like back to back  with their backpacks on so we can get it printed and hung on the wall
 
 Will you pleasetake lots of pictures of Adam when you pick him up please?
 
 Ur money ur problen
 
 Fuck off
 
 I am thinking of listing the Cadillac for like 1500$ so we can sell it faster... what do you think? (financially wise... for us)
 
 Because I don't. I really fucking don't. I'm so mad right now words don't even express it. You have once again proven that you don't give a fuck about me. That your dick is more important to you then I am and that I can't trust you period the end. So how bout you just take your hopes and worrys about your job and ram them down someone else's throat. You've already crushed ALP of my dreams. Why should I give a flying fuck about yours?
 
 At this specific point in time do you really think I give a flying mother fuck about your job? 
 
 I might have found a way to stay in the Air Force... Me and Sgt Littleton were discussing it...
 
 Listen to me you lying cheating pile of crap. That barely legal slut sets foot on my property you got two options. One I gut her like a fish and you pretend you never saw it. Or I go stepford
 
 pretend your not planning on sleeping with her/paying her way down here behind my back and start fucking anyone and anything that catches my eye. I don't do lies
 
 and as of right now we don't have a spare room. Kateys room Just became yours you piece of crap. 
 
 hey babe
 
 I'm back
 
 be back in a minute.. meeting
 
 So give me a chance to look for someone here. It wont matter if I can't get a job anyway. I still haven't even gotten an interview so its not an emergency. I don't give a fuck about bowling that has nothing to do with it. What it has to do with is u deciding shit and ignoring me saying no. No matter what I say you fucking ignore it. Fine move her here. Ill gut her if she fucks with my kids. Ill gut her if she pisses me off. And if I can find a job in six months she goes. Your gonna bring her down anyway. Back to stepford wife I go
 
 she tried to find you on Facebook
 
 but she said she couldn't find you.
 
 if it doesnt work for some reason. then I gave u bowling for nothing.
 
 We need a live in nanny and we both need to work
 
 and I think this will work
 
 and I am giving up the vegas league.. so we can afford it. No more bowling leagues.. we need to get a nanny that we can afford.. and we can afford her..
 
 I'm not gonna like her because she's twelve. You tend to like twelve year Olds. Its gonna be a waste of her money to drive down here and all that's gonna happen is I'm going to get pissed and You are gonna get mad at me for "prejudging" and then she's gonna drive back and be annoyed that she waisted her time
 
 today is research day. lol
 
 Hillip its stupid and you know itp
 
 she'd drive here
 
 and emailed cox again
 
 No we are not shipping someone out. We can't afford it 
 
 I've been looking at jobs
 
 and colleges all day
 
 (sorry
 
 thinking in terms of money
 
 and not my pants right now)
 
 she could come out
 
 and if you end up not liking her or she's not good with the kids.. we could tell her to leave. would you be ok with talking to her at least?
 
 I don't give a fuck. That doesn't mean she doesn't act like she's twelve that she is responsible that she wont piss me off that you wont be in her pants for five minutes that I should trust her with my kids
 
 he's 14 months
 
 no drugs
 
 she's 18
 
 and is trying to save money to get her son back
 
 No strangers around my fucking kids. Why do you never listen. You always steam roll over everything I say. You pick crack whores and seventeen year Olds I don't need that around my kids.
 
 but its cheap and we dont have many other options at the moment... and if you get a job
 
 even a cheapy crappy one
 
 we would still make more money since she will be so cheap
 
 I don't want someone I don't know moving in. I already said that
 
 hello?
 
 you online?
 
 hows that sound?
 
 and its only 100$ a month
 
 so that way you can look for a job
 
 
 
 wellI found a live in nanny. 
 
 Nope lol
 
 Nope lol
 
 hmm... do you know anyone looking for a car? lol
 
 Fuck cox
 
 Fuck. We gotta sell the caddie. And the bed. And anything else we can think of to sell..... 
 
 188.33 past due
 
 what do we owe?
 
 E over drafted for food on the last one im broke till ky second one this month and the bill was due fifteenth of last monthW
 
 thats gonna hurt
 
 gr....
 
 and catching up on Bowling...
 
 does Mikes money cover the cell phones?
 
 Food. 
 
 what are we doing for the STAR?  Pay and use as gas? or... wait and have the money available?
 
 OK. What else is there? Cell phone before they shut it off. 
 
 I concurs.
 
 and the Capital One card isn't duetill the 25th
 
 )
 
 STAR card
 
 we can pay now or on the 15th..  (depending if we are using it as a gas card...
 
 hmm.. so.. cox and Vs will be paid (waiting on VS to come out still)  
 
 fuckers..
 
 Nope
 
 lemme know
 
 Ok
 
 try restarting everything again.
 
 fuckers...
 
 Nope
 
 internet work?
 
 Yeah....not so much
 
 thinking for the future... 
 
 not even sure if she would do it
 
 just an idea I'm working on. 
 
 well she would be elping until you got a job so you would ge tto know her. so :P
 
 That's if anyone will even hire me. Its a bitch to get hired right now. Add in my lack of experience and its harder. And I repeat. You have crap taste in people Hon. I don't trust people I don't know with my kids
 
 internet work?
 
 and we do need the money
 
 I might be able to convince her of the 100 a month. and free room and board.
 
 Stranger. Your taste in people sucks
 
 in a bit
 
 bb
 
 well meeting time
 
 no drugs... just didn't have a job and got evicted so daddy took baby
 
 her baby's dad just took her daughter. and she's trying to find a way to get everything together to get her back... so we will see
 
 I might be able to convince someone...
 
 How could we afford. It have to be room bored and like 100.00 a month and we don't know anyone and I don't want a stranger with my baby
 
 meeting... be back in a bit
 
 michigan?  ROFLMAO
 
 &lt;3 u Michigan grande
 
 so... we need a live in nanny (no touch nanny    :'( )   so you can get a job... lol
 
 lolyup yup
 
 Eg there's like a twelve hour break in there though lol
 
 so it sonly 20 total. lol
 
 its 10 each direction. lol
 
 Mom can bike 10 to work 10 to school and 17 home in a day....so if you couldn't do ten.  Well I would mock you
 
 regardless of the fact Oliver can't cause my knees give out
 
 its only like 10 miles. lol
 
 not worried about that. lol
 
 If you can make it that far lol
 
 I know.. but I will start tomorrow. :P
 
 I'm so annoyed. With lack of two cars. You need to start riding bike. It good pt anyway.
 
 lol
 
 Drive across town. I'm no sitting with the kids at moms. 
 
 yup not happening. .. lol soo.. looks like you get to go see your mum
 
 or drive across town a couple times. lol
 
 OK so Adams out at 2:35. So if you could somehow convince the universe to let you off work then that would be awesome. Unrealistic but awesine
 
 Eh stupid is as stupid does
 
 she was more stable
 
 her dad actually said he liked her better here
 
 I don't know. I don't know. She's insane. I love her to death but she's stupid when it comes to him. She's putting her kids right back in a bad situation. If it were just her I really wouldn't care at all
 
 they actually liked her here. 
 
 her parents are going to give up
 
 Never gonna happen. She's stubborn like me. Difference is Im stubborn when it comes to leaving. She's stubborn about staying cause she's terrified of real life.
 
 she really needs to wise up.. 
 
 Duh phillip
 
 They had the parents write notes for the kids to get in class today. I signed Adams from me you and mommy
 
 even her picture of her and rocky kissing looks forced... (katey)
 
 made*
 
 that make no sense
 
 I'm confused.. 
 
 what?
 
 Say hi to write notes to the kids for them to get in class today They had us right note to the kids for them to get in class today His was from me you call me because I don't know it seems like a good idea at the time
 
 ?
 
   Me U mommy sent him a note
 
 ahh.. lol
 
 Palmer
 
 peterson
 
 Pete something
 
 umm.. 14 or 13
 
 What room is he in again?
 
 No money nosleep
 
 Wanna go? LOL
 
 Like 2 am. She closes bars
 
 hello?
 
 lol  what time would barb be done?
 
 I do but one no meny two i have to up early in the amI
 
 oh.. when I get back from work
 
 do you want to go out to sing with barb? lol
 
 Just think.. when I get out.. I would get overtime for this. ROFLMFAO
 
 Ok
 
 so we/you/me can run to the store when I get home from work. 
 
 so.. I'm leaving at like 930 tonight to come in for a bit.. should be too terribly long..
 
 lol
 
 wow... 
 
 Eah i just tried calling again. Even with your account info they wont talk to me cause im not you....stupid headsY
 
 oflmaoR
 
 and fix my hair. lol
 
 then I take bath.. :P
 
 I'll call when I get home
 
 I don't know. Cox stupid. I gave up
 
 and according to the website we are up today
 
 I just paid 223.05$
 
 ?
 
 Grr calling no work. It just tells me we owe 120.00 
 
 lol
 
 Comp just flipped on me anyway. Gotta restart cause its being a bitch
 
 lol
 
 Yeah not that desperate yet
 
 who knows.. how long it will take. lol unless you wnat to call them. lol
 
 Oh. Kay. Not on yet
 
 sorry
 
 keyboard didn't pick up the first part
 
 I paid cox...
 
 Huh?
 
 so that should work.  I hope
 
 7th
 
 the amount it said was total due by aug 7h.
 
 Need to ask around if anyone needs a babysitter. And keep craigslisting things once we get internet back up. Did you pay that yet? And then we need to go through the budget and see what we can skim. Apparently I'm quitting smokes
 
 booze and caffiene. Lol
 
 lol
 
 Well we can cash in our cans for ten bucks LOL. 
 
 Yeah no fuck off. 
 
 time to look at a long term gf. ROFL
 
 unless we moved someone in to watch the kids. 
 
 Can't work. We can't afford babysitter. Can't even get night job cause then we are fucked if they switch you off days again. If I work ill make just enough to pay the babysitter which leaves us just as fucked.
 
 keep doing it
 
 Was even putting in job Alps when Katey was here and haven't even gotten an interview. Its pissing me off
 
 Already been doing that. No takers
 
 (without getting reported. rofl)
 
 or people on cupid. lol
 
 lol well start 'scoutin' your friends. lol
 
 Mentally scanning for extra $$ not working. Aggravating me. I swear. I wish I knew someone who would pay me. Or like a bank robber would throw money at me. That would be awesome
 
 Hmmm military base and our garage lol
 
 Yeah that might be difficult. Mom says you can borrow her bike so long as you have somewhere to put it that is safe
 
 ok good
 
 I have a lot of apointments tomorrow and I was trying to figure out how I was going to walk from one to anothr. lol
 
 Thursday
 
 or tomorrow?
 
 adam starts school on thursday?
 
 No its still sitting aoewhere
 
 bank*
 
 to my old back
 
 have we faxed that letter yet?
 
 I want to buy one
 
 but we dont exactly have the funds. lol
 
 okey dokey..
 
 I'd have to ask mom. I think she has a spare but I'm not sure.
 
 get a feel for if I can ride to and from work everyday
 
 and start putting 'gas' mooney into a hiding spot 
 
 or before bowling for PT.
 
 I feel like going riding tonight after bowling
 
 does your mum still have an extra bike?  or does Kris have one?
 
 mwah
 
 Ah giving tree
 
 hmm.. free stuff. that people donate
 
 that airman can use
 
 and redonate to
 
 airmans attic?
 
 The fuck is that?
 
 Airmans Attic\n9 August
 
  1630-1900\n14 August
 
 1700-1900\n16 August
 
 1630-1900\n21 August
 
 1700-1900\n30 August
 
 1630-1900\n
 
 can you put this on the calander?
 
 Just gave it to the kids for lunch
 
 quick lunch
 
 Imma head home and eat that left over meat if you haven't yet. :-)
 
 nothing currently
 
 Phone isn't letting ne check yahoo si if you get anything forward it to aol
 
 lol
 
 I'm sorry. We've been crafting today. Finger painting now Jewelery. Gotta keep entertained lol
 
 bored....
 
 yup
 
 I know its on the calander. After that u have mental health
 
 I have to be at the doctors tomorrow by 730 :-)
 
 rofl
 
 The minute I get the internet back I'm going down to like fourth friends. Delete delete delete delete delete delete. I'm to old for this LOL. 
 
 lol
 
 and go down there. and give them paper cpies
 
 One can hope. If they don't come in then its apply again and flood them with so much paperwork their brains explode. 
 
 lol
 
 lol fingers crossed for FS tomorrow.
 
 The same shit. Why would I have another kid. I need to think things through blah blah blah bullshit. Its my life. I dot approve of cakes marriage or Taylor's not moving on from her EX boyfriend or hackers pothead ways or Brandon's gamer life etc etc. 
 
 what are they saying now?
 
 Yes. What's worse is it is all because I had another kid. That's it. God forbid I have three fucking children. Assholes
 
 lol wow.. they all pissed you off didn'tthey? ol
 
 Taylor Jackee Brandon cake to an extent most of the people I knew in highschool
 
 lol who this time?
 
 LOL I'm pussycat. I've realized that all of my friends have been gone almost six months and are still around commenting on shit and messaging me but wont text call or answer phones. I'm just done. They either need to grow up or go.
 
 you'd really blow up facebook. ROFL
 
 I'm glad you dnt have internet.
 
 i noticed. lol
 
 I'm in a mood.
 
 mwah
 
 Good morning &lt;3
 
 good morning. :-)
 
 your just upset because my imagination didnt even give you a cool job
 
 uh uh genius
 
 lol weirdo
 
 Why? I cant know what your actually doing
 
 so since its all voodoo mystery I fill in the blanks with stuff that amuses me. You have that staff srgt on SG1s job. You know the guy that opens the Iris....bwahahahaha thats all you get
 
 weirdo
 
 so what SG1 trapped in Go'auld territory? Bastards
 
 they should stop walking into these obvious traps
 
 boo you bozo
 
 boo
 
 No I don't want to deal with CPA threats and assholes 
 
 and you know it
 
 its true. lol
 
 Dork
 
 hahaha
 
 no longer an issue. :P lol
 
 and.. wic. :P 
 
 fine :P  
 
 or shell eat us out of house and home on just formula
 
 that is on the stupid doc schedule and everythign
 
 time to really start feeding the girl and before you argue she is 4 months old
 
 and now I look and we are almost out of formula again
 
 so thats fourty bucks
 
 lol well at least he got it in the end
 
 but once I told him now that guys grandbaby has a new bed to play in then it was all okay
 
 I think adam just broke a little. He watched the guy load up the bed
 
 not paranoid
 
 realistic
 
 um uber fertile and not using protection
 
 its evil
 
 someone perpetually paranoid?
 
 I hate hate hate hate hate having a uterus
 
 but ugh
 
 lol
 
 ugh at least we know im not pregnant again
 
 :-)
 
 so Ill have to ask mom for a few bucks anyways
 
 which covers feminine products and detergent and wipes
 
 maybe if I get the chance. The people should be here for the bed in about a half an hour and thats 40.00
 
 and I would wuuuv some pancakes from my babe :D
 
 you can fix (mommy........  I wuuuv wu)
 
 rofl I guess I might be able to. Not really to fix
 
 we are kind of out of everything that I can eat and we are out of soda and I cant quite drink completely black coffee. Im just a little tooooooo pussy for that
 
 you wanna make me pancakes when I get home. lol
 
 you can fix you being hungry and caffeine-challanged. lol
 
 Not whileyourat work dork face
 
 yes you can. lol
 
 Can't really fix that. I'm starving and have a caffiene headache and can't fix that either. Happy days
 
 hungry
 
 hungry
 
 Gen Hammond needs to send a rescue team
 
 hungry 
 
 I'm hunry
 
 still waiting. lol
 
 Gonna be home anytime soon or still waiting on sg1
 
 grrr.. SMACK!
 
 laundry area. There is a sheet and those two peices of marissa's clothes covered as well as the ceiling
 
 the tile
 
 the washer and drier. I cleaned it up and the whole house still smells like bleach
 
 laundry area or carpet?
 
 wtf?
 
 Billy just sprayed the entire damn laundry area with bleach. Hes such an ass
 
 I have a little bit left. lol
 
 im out of soda....grrr
 
 lol
 
 The mouse on the computer is pissing me off
 
 get them tired. lol
 
 well that works. 
 
 lol
 
 Adam and billy are in moods too but theirs basically consist of them running in circles screaming "Im a super" "I can fly" "bang pow zoom" etc
 
 lol
 
 Someone is in a mood today
 
 its been ten minutes
 
 I can still hear her screaming
 
 I sent her to bed 
 
 Saundra is throwing a fuck of a fit
 
 :P
 
 whatever you say baby
 
 nuh uh... cool. :P
 
 weird
 
 watch
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;NR=1&amp;v=rR94NDIfGmA
 
 hungry
 
 hungry
 
 hungry
 
 uh huh
 
 lol
 
 weirdo
 
 I didnt call you fat
 
 i never said you had a lot of inertia. And since matter and mass are not the same thing I never even implied that you weigh a lot
 
 ? :P
 
 Why you call me fat
 
 lol
 
 cuase bill nye and neil de grasse tyson are on this episode of atlantis. Its fn epic. 
 
 lol
 
 just scared the kids. Walking around singing Bill Nye the science guy "\ninertia is a property of matter
 
 meany
 
 you callin me fat? :P
 
 yes like jareds pants before subway
 
 lol
 
 mucho grande pants?
 
 love you mucho grande pants
 
 MWAH!
 
 bad enough without me acting like a lunatic
 
 roflmao thanks but no
 
 and she'll bring it. lol
 
 then cry
 
 and then scream..
 
 call mumy and say... me caffeine now..
 
 see I know these things
 
 mummy no text me back so therefore doing yard work
 
 saundra is reading sophi a book. So fn cute
 
 make mummy do it. lol
 
 let alone just cream
 
 and I cant drink it with cream
 
 I have coffee just nothing to put in it
 
 I would but I think she is at tracys doing yard work
 
 But unlike you I got to sleep all the way until 6:30 today
 
 its saturday
 
 make your mommy get you some
 
 I dont have none either. :P
 
 so very very tired
 
 so tired
 
 need more caffination
 
 ugh gonna shoot someone
 
 yes is true
 
 but they were good werent they? :)
 
 werid combo
 
 somebody that I used to know and pachelbels cannon
 
 who refuse to listen ever
 
 cause they are running screaming little fucks
 
 :)
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LV5_xj_yuhs
 
 there you go
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00KnR6CltzE
 
 why are you annoyed?
 
 lol your a dork
 
 yes annoyed kids are satan
 
 there fix boredfom
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ry4BzonlVlw&amp;feature=relmfu
 
 annoyed?
 
 I'm bored and tired. And annoyed and uncaffinated
 
 I'm bored....
 
 yup yup
 
 Kids are gonna be the death of me
 
 Roflmao
 
 so do I
 
 i'm just far enough away from  you that you dont get bumped into. lol
 
 I know. I keep tossing And turning all night
 
 me either. lol
 
 Tired as all hell. I haven't been sleeping well
 
 hows my wifey?
 
 Good morning love
 
 good morning babe
 
 it would fit nicely in our yard. lol
 
 i figured. lol
 
 I wants it lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150914122651362&amp;set=oa.207729245959137&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 &lt;3
 
 ok
 
 (I'm not fond of silver instruments anyways)
 
 I'm on my way hom now.. I'll pick up my trumpet and head to the instrument store on speedway
 
 and i want $$#$$ I dont haggle well lol
 
 love you too
 
 coming iwth the mattress I can see fourty. :-) love you
 
 never never never on furniture
 
 I told her fourty. I think its reasonable when you think a toddler matress by itself is usually 30.00
 
 and I think saundra's           moon bed thing was like 10$ when I bought it. lol  (I dont buy new) lol
 
 if we get 30
 
 i'll still sell the trumpet
 
 because we will need at least 30 in the van
 
 but if we got 40 then we could get you smokes.
 
 I got the bed froma thrift store so it doesnt bother me. 
 
 I dont know...
 
 and I was typing what I was saying to rene
 
 what do you think
 
 thank you?
 
 a lady wants 30.0 for the car bed since its missing screws. but its like a 375.00 bed original price
 
 thank you
 
 love you too. lol
 
 &lt;3 you
 
 but I could probbly permanently bruise his face with my finger tips
 
 im so not meant for that shit
 
 not only would they not allow me to renlist...yeah exactly
 
 lol  that would wind me up in jail
 
 bitch slapping
 
 my response
 
 see proof Im not meant to ever be military
 
 you have fun with that.
 
 Hopefully
 
 kissing ass for 11 months will allow me to reenlist
 
 but.. Imma be a perfect airman until I am not allowed to reenlist
 
 lol trust me I feel the same
 
 wll fuck that and shit
 
 yay
 
 whenever its over and done with and my products are sent out
 
 so shouldnt you be headed home soon
 
 worlds most boring barbie doll
 
 worlds most boring barbie doll
 
 svetlana
 
 seriously
 
 but still
 
 fucking a
 
 and im cranky without smokes
 
 are too
 
 Imma blame my 'wiring' and I'm not a perv :P
 
 uh huh wtf does that have to do with you being a perv
 
 the doctors tell me I'm special. and I'm 'wired' differently
 
 :P I'm not a piece of shit
 
 I'm 'disturbed' different. :P
 
 less of a piece of shit then you are
 
 so yay for me
 
 but at least im not constantly trying to bring hot 19 year old boys over
 
 HAHHAHAHAHA
 
 i dont even like hanging out with my mom
 
 you are an asshole
 
 I say the same thing about your mom. I dont like hanging out with 12 year olds
 
 bad enough all my friends are barely legal to drink
 
 but I get your point
 
 19
 
 also really not into hanging out with twelve year olds
 
 boring
 
 not random
 
 she's boring when she's high.
 
 she stupid and boring
 
 random people
 
 booze
 
 and rockband
 
 thats all she has
 
 shes cute
 
 dont like her
 
 boring
 
 boring
 
 she is BORING
 
 ?
 
 ugh dont expect me to be there
 
 the only thing she has for her is that she is cute
 
 I told her we would have to steal it from your brother
 
 she is completely boring 
 
 your such a perv
 
 also...the fuck
 
 ugh seriously we dont have rockband
 
 I laughed my ass off. lol
 
 she's back with rocky.... is she still dating you? 
 
 I told her that katey moved out
 
 and she was like ok.. I'm up for rockband anyways.. 
 
 svetlana is gonna come over in the enxt couple weeks and play rockband.. and bring amanda if she can
 
 fun fun
 
 i just said fuck it and reposted the beds to get more hits
 
 yep understandable
 
 determining whether I want to pawn it
 
 and get it back
 
 or sell it to the instrument store
 
 I'm not sure what the silver trumpet is. I've never played it. 
 
 LMFAO
 
 cuz wen we broke onda streeetz we aint be gotn da cheda fo da smokes
 
 time to fix that. lol
 
 Im such a damn addict its honestly not even funny
 
 thats All I fucking want
 
 a pack of smokes
 
 and you something
 
 if I get enough for that trumpet
 
 we're getting fucking pizza
 
 I'm hungry....
 
 Ugh these things auck
 
 Imma go smoke one of your white owls. Mayb ethatl help
 
 yeah....I have issues today
 
 and this whole no smoke thing is making me nuts. 
 
 cuuuuuunt monkeys they need to pull out their heads...cuuuuuun monkeys
 
 sometimes i wish them dead....doo doo dooooo dooo. 
 
 I think  you have a better chance of getting a job then you think. But then again maye im dellusional
 
 only....
 
 and only 6 years military service
 
 I dont have a degree
 
 if I can get hired.
 
 I8m sure you can find a good. one. Your job should actually in theory translate to decent money outside the military
 
 well guess Imma be working like 2 or 3 jobs
 
 unless I get a good one. lol
 
 whatever works I gues
 
 a while*
 
 but.. I will have my GI bill so I can go to school full time and get paid for it for awhile
 
 no way I can finish the B.S. by then.
 
 looks like Ihave until next june to at least finish my AA
 
 I mean its not like there really is another option
 
 Start looking for another job I guess
 
 but the question is now what? we have a year (as long as I dont get in trouble) to figure out what we are going to do
 
 which is fucking proof the military is retarded and that I have good reason to fear for the future of this country
 
 lol
 
 I suck.. only I can get basically kicked out of the military and still be told I do an amazing job at my job
 
 you dont suck
 
 the world sucks. and I love you too
 
 mwah . lov eyou. sorry I suck.
 
 yup yup yup
 
 unless someone emails us back about buying shit
 
 i guess we kinda dont have a choice
 
 well Imma fix gas tonight.. when I get off work (whenever the fuck that is) Imma pawn
 
 the silver trumpet that I have never used
 
 exactly
 
 well tomorrow we will be down to four
 
 andno gas
 
 andlots of kids
 
 and we have one car....
 
 11-11:30
 
 I is a cheapo. So there is a problem tomorrow. I got to go down to the school
 
 ok. lol
 
 no still havent heard from them. But added the posts and cinder block pavers in the back yard to craigslist too
 
 they get the bed yet?
 
 grr fuck them up the ass
 
 okay hon
 
 I'm just going to try and do everything possible to try and fix it
 
 do i?
 
 dont really have a choice. 
 
 are you gonna be okay with that?
 
 Way to be dickwads
 
 well thats awesome
 
 we have a year left in the military aparently
 
 so.. 
 
 just got told its 99% guaranteed that they wont let me reenlist (by my first shirt) 
 
 :D
 
 I love you too retard
 
 :)
 
 Mwah love you cranky butt
 
 Phillip. WE HAVE NO FUCKING MONEY WE CANNOT DO EITHER STOP TRYING TO DO SHIT WE HAVE NO FUCKING MONEY FOR
 
 no. but in all reality its only 9:30 am
 
 would you rather I try to buy the windstar with working AC and sell our van 
 
 or fix our van?
 
 any word back on the bed yet?
 
 no nicotiner is bad
 
 omg imm going to kill the ki9ds
 
 no money
 
 id prefer one with ac that can fit the kids
 
 but you know
 
 do you like the van we have now
 
 or do you want one with A/C?
 
 i dont fucking care right now
 
 it looks okay
 
 we dont have money
 
 i dont know honey
 
 and I'll phase out the black van when I get my lil car
 
 well you write them
 
 or comment on it. see if you l ike it
 
 I'll try to get it
 
 and we'll get rid of the cadi
 
 
 
 Ive had cars with over 300
 
000 miles that ran great
 
 it depends on if they took care of it or not honestly
 
 which means that probably they used it for driving around in circles
 
 but they said because of age?
 
 its a recommended new engine
 
 Ive had cars over that
 
 what do you think of the mileage?  (in the comments)   
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3438339686383&amp;set=o.404965616197414&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 e
 
 mucho grand
 
 I love you too
 
 but I was gonna say I LOVE YOU. lol
 
 yup
 
 um your crazy?
 
 psssst... guess what.?
 
 yeah we have all four wheels
 
 are all the wheels with the bed?
 
 idk. 
 
 wtf do the screws look like?
 
 And I didnt even think of it
 
 lol
 
 she never asked
 
 did you tell her that we dont have the wheel screws? lol
 
 but we have the wheels. 
 
 i wouldnt even know what they look like
 
 adam lost them
 
 not that I am aware of
 
 nope
 
 do we have the wheel screws?
 
 so she wanted the carbed.. 
 
 I aint stupid
 
 its my yahoo :P
 
 40.00 each
 
 shit
 
 it weirds me out when it disapears
 
 did you do 40 each
 
 or 40 total?
 
 omg stop fucking with yahoo lol
 
 yup she needs to email you back
 
 and by it so we can have gas. lol
 
 lol
 
 and have fourty dollars taunting me 
 
 you know whats annoying? THe fact that for a lot of people 8:00 is early. I just want the fucking car bed ladty to email me back so I can get it gone
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 cuase they figure out hes a douche
 
 quite frequently
 
 he should die
 
 therefore
 
 he bounces gfs
 
 sorry. I know that its not ALL his fault. But right now everything is going to shit and your gone all the time and THAT IS HIS FAULT
 
 nothing to do with his inability to find anyone to date him
 
 yeah....thats the reason
 
 and currently doesnt have a gf because he's getting ready to deploy for a year
 
 he doesnt want any
 
 and also anyone whose that much of a fucktard needs no children
 
 cause I like that idea
 
 then I castrate him
 
 new to tucson autistic children who dont behave well without people they recognize. only one available. Bite me big white ass. 
 
 Thats SrA Johnson's responsibility to handle childcare inline with his work schedule. blah blah blah
 
 bout to bust a cap? and shit
 
 where my money?
 
 awe cant call the cops if hes unconcious :d then its why did you hit him? because hes making me babysit stupid hours cause hes a cunt
 
 last thing we need
 
 no... because Sgt Smith would probably call the cops.. lol
 
 itd be fun
 
 enough to let me bitch slap them? Come on
 
 good luck pissing me off that much. lol
 
 They are seriously trying to get you pissed off enough to either fuck it up or quit. Im telling you. Which really just makes me want to bitch slap them.
 
 I'm tired.. this not having time to switch shit is ridiculous
 
 Mwah good mornin
 
 ok ok
 
 otherwise
 
 I'm going to take my silver trumpet and temporarily pawn it for gas money until the first. lol
 
 if we can get the money
 
 I'll go get you smokes
 
 and put the rest in the van tank.
 
 one person wanted them
 
 see if you can get those beds sold and picked up today. :-) I left the emails unread for you
 
 good morning babe
 
 hopefully she doesnt ask me when I'm drunk.
 
 she already had to borw money from mom lol
 
 but.. I think her getting to the point she has to ask her neice for financial help will be demeaning enough. ROFL
 
 dork
 
 whatever 
 
 and she wont interpret it that way.
 
 cant prove it. :P
 
 but still
 
 mainly cause I know you
 
 That whole convo weird and pervy
 
 UH HUH
 
 or pervy :P
 
 I didn't say anything wierd. :P
 
 it makes for weirdness
 
 stop hitting on everyonwe im relaed to
 
 your a pervy pervy little man
 
 ~ME~       HAHA figured you would like that picture. ROFL.. didn't Nikki tell you. I am the pot o' gold. ROFL ;) HAHAHA.. jk.\n~BARB~---LMAO.\n~ME~Told you you'd like it. HAHHA. Let me and nikkums know if you get really bad off
 
 we'll see if we can help . okey dokey ? :-).
 
 so heres what I sent back. ..
 
 hehe
 
 Barb finally likede my picture
 
 yeah it looks like a nissan lol
 
 you see my nissan?
 
 doggies cost food
 
 I meant feeding them
 
 my cooch is sad
 
 lol
 
 that puppy is free
 
 if we could afford one Id be bitching at you to get me one
 
 puppy cute
 
 I limke puppy
 
 Damn mouse is pissing me off
 
 puppy
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150999638193351&amp;set=oa.206637199401675&amp;type=1
 
 I knw
 
 you konw it will be more expensive when I buy it again right?
 
 I know. But maybe when we get situated and refinanced all and shit you can find another cadi to fix
 
 its sad face
 
 I know. Unfortunately thats the way it goes right now
 
 :'(
 
 we just can't afford it right now :-(
 
 and I've decided
 
 I'm just oging to sell the cadi
 
 that is a gas saver. 
 
 I need a running car. 
 
 but I'll probably call today.. 
 
 I emailed to see what was wrong with it. 
 
 theres the Nissan I'm looking at
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3146192770.html
 
 ive actually officially become bored with atlantis. Back to SG1 for a while
 
 and here I thought that you wer going to be home early today
 
 dork
 
 HAHHA
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=204615799665311&amp;set=oa.206635636068498&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 &lt;3 you mucho granded
 
 You need to call Cox and try to set up a payment plan or tell them you can't pay till first so they don't shut off
 
 not gonna be home till at least fucking 1 now
 
 LOL &lt;3
 
 July 24th  920am   MH  please add. :)
 
 August 1st   9am  MH  please add
 
 Please add :) thank you hun
 
 Med center
 
 doctor appointment
 
 August 1st 730am
 
 WTF happened to my day off
 
  and I Have an appointment at noon
 
 now I'm fucking stuck at work until they reschedule me
 
 soo.. test has to be rescheduled... computers broke
 
 floating
 
 thus.. 
 
 they're dead.
 
 takes them into the sewer
 
 steals kids with the 'deadlights' 
 
 evil monste takes form of clown
 
 IT... steven king
 
 The fuck does that meaN
 
 "IT" reference
 
 Huh
 
 they all float down here. lol
 
 Your mean
 
 hehe thought you would like the clowns. HAHAHAHA
 
 you bring clowns in my house I kill you
 
 yes there is both of your relationships are severly unhealthy. Marissa didnt put you in the hospital only because you arent as mentally fucked up as Katey
 
. Or your better able to control yourself. Trust me when I say both your relationship with Marissa and her relationshi9p with Rocky are fucked up on similar levels. You guys put each other through hell and hung on for reasonings of "love" Yeah there is more in common there then you will ever admit to. 
 
 there isn't a comparison there.
 
 she cheated. so no.. I'm not going to understand better
 
 Marissa didn't put me in the hospital
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/clt/3157008441.html
 
 She isnt surprised she expected you to be mad. She just figures since you would be would have been dumb enough to take Marissa back you of all people should understand better
 
 what did she expect to come from me? honestly?
 
  KnowI
 
 and I wasn't too mean
 
 I told her I thought she was stupid
 
 I wasn't visiting her the next time she got comitted and she needed to give me 4-5 days before she started trying to talk to me like normal again
 
 love you too. and I think I pissed katey off. lol
 
 Love you
 
 Please put on Calander babe
 
 10 am tomorrow Mental Health
 
 But I'm OK with that
 
 lol well you can't exactlyu get to know her without talking. ROFL
 
 thats it
 
 except she has a lot of boys
 
 dont know a thing about her even really
 
 not one bit
 
 like at all
 
 I dont know her
 
 yea.. lol
 
 why? lol
 
 thought you were only supposed to work till like 4 today
 
 awkward. And i really dont feel comfortable talking to your mother
 
 she was wiccan for a number of years
 
 my mummy said if you wanted to talk about our household 'issue'  in the form  of Casper.. lol to write her. 
 
 :D but you can't deny it looks good. :P
 
 rofl your a dweeb
 
 hehe it looks pretty dont it?  the outlines
 
 all neat and organized. lol
 
 it looks like I'm missing something..
 
 344.00 for cox probably closer to 200 for phone
 
 so late payments extra payments etc
 
 in all reality next month is going to look nothing like that thought because we are behind on a lot of shit
 
 I dont see anything off the top of my head
 
 Mwah.. what am I missing on this hun?
 
 OMG  what am I missing?  (open link on computer)
 
 Is true
 
 ;)
 
 but I'm your... dork face. :P
 
 Our a dork fafeY
 
 I should comment on the pics wth you in them and say (look at my wifey
 
.... mine
 
 you can't have. :P)
 
 I've go out like two to four times a week. Not completely homebody. I was then but I was preggo
 
 but.. 
 
 I know I'm not good at it. 
 
 I try to get you out of the house
 
 Yes my life was revolving around being a mommy and wifely. How horrible
 
 sorry
 
 you have and love your kids..?
 
 Fuck if I know. Apparenntly me being all wifely was bad or something. O was absorbing into kiddos. Like whatever and shit
 
 wow.. what did I ever do to those two?
 
 cause they are whores
 
 I never tried to alienate them. They decided you were not okay and I told them I didnt give a fuck and then they went POOF
 
 and well.. barb can suck a dick
 
 you dont have to alienate your friends hun. I never tried to cause that... :/
 
 Katey occasionally
 
 barb
 
 pretty Mich anyone I'm related to and all my friends I don't talk to anymore
 
 barb*
 
 or just bar again?
 
 who is that from now?
 
 Just that apparently your a horn dog duh. You don't appreciate me...your a child etc
 
 other than thinking I'm horrible for you
 
 what are people talking about hun?  
 
 My brother my mother Katey occasionally you. I know I'm screwed in the head. I know that most people can't do what I can. But I just frustrate
 
 whos being a pussy?
 
 I'm just like fuck you and you and you today. I'm sick of people acting like I'm crazy or just stupid when their shit is as bad if not worse than mine. I'm sick of people acting like fucking children and being to pussy to do what needs to be done
 
 ROFL... 
 
 My mothers a whore
 
 your mother.... Washer Dryer
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4221459775670&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151111888580033&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf   its our couch.. different color.. but theres the price. ROFL
 
 and.. sidenote.. is it just me... or has 'i'm broke
 
 poor me
 
 can't pay my bills' Barb been partying every weekend?
 
 h huhU
 
 nuh uh
 
 Dumbass
 
 hehe
 
 cheaper rent. ;)
 
 we can 'coccupy' the bubble
 
 :P
 
 I'm in your bubble. 
 
 yes I am. 
 
 Sort of your in NY big bubble but I'm in a smaller bubble within the bubble which you ate not in
 
 but its still cast iron. lol
 
 I'm in your bubble right??
 
 thats like camping shit
 
 bubble myself and just go NO YOU ARE NOT IN MY BUBBLE. STAY OUT OF MY BUBBLE. DOOM DOOOOOOM UPON YOU
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151937911315389&amp;set=o.404965616197414&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
  yes bubble
 
 bubble?
 
 they annoy me
 
 I hate people
 
 I just want to bubble not start shit
 
 no
 
 you should soo share my status update. ROFL
 
 lol
 
 I liked it dork
 
 then how is she... cough.. I mean people supposed to see it. lol
 
 no tagging lol
 
 tag who you want in it. lol ROFL
 
 :D &lt;3 you
 
 everyone but my grandma can see it. lol
 
 new status update for you. on my page. lol hehe
 
 Fuck if shes even doing that. I told her in text Ill see her sometime between now and tomorrow night
 
 I dont know
 
 she was supposed to go hiking to day
 
 No and Amanda is looking for her. I had to tell her fuck if I know where she is
 
 katey text you back and tell you where she's at?
 
 Love you too
 
 dont be done with me. :-)  I love you :D
 
 I'm sick of all of it. Yes we have issues we probablyhave more issues then wepretend to have. But its our business not theirs. And to act like I'm somebig worthy person who. Deserves happily ever after. That doesn't fucking working real life. Life has ups and Downs. And how am I worthy of shit that no one else gets? Fuck em all. I'm just done with everyone. Even Katey right now. I'm tired of this childish bullshit
 
 grow the fuck up. 
 
 fuck her. I'm sick of her 15 yr old middle life crisis bullshit
 
 Every adult I fucking know. If I say one fucking thing about you being an asshole cause I'm mad then they all go off about how I deserve better. Yeah you fucking make me mad sometimes. There's nothing abnormal or wrong about that. Like barb hasn't dated crap men all the time. Seriously. So your a dick sometimes I'm a bitch who fucking cares\nI hate people and I'm going to cacoon myself away from everyone not in my house. Because they are all ass faces
 
 whos talking shit about us now?
 
 Eh I dont know. Im just annoyed with the world at large. Everyone has opinions about my relationship with you and quite frankly I dont give a fuck what they think. Our relationship might not be perfect but i love you and we arent really abusive at all. Im losing patience with people talking shit and Im fucking losing patience with Kateys I love my husband crap. I just want to look at her and tell her that her husband is an emotionally abusive piece of crap
 
 its not love its obsession and control and she needs to pull her head out of her ass and move the fuck on with her life because this poor me shit doesnt work for me. I know its not this way for normal people but after six months split you should be over it enough to fake it. And she isnt even there and it annoys me. Then she does this fucking disappearing shit and I feel like I have a mother fucking rebelious teenager that I have to keep an eye on. I am surrounded by fucking idiot children and they range in age from 21-79 and I cant do a fucking thing about it.
 
 nd kinda wanna vent on a post about it. but... I dont feel like dealing iwth the comments about it
 
 boreddom
 
 and still annoyed at just about everything. 
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=639970533910&amp;set=oa.206632892735439&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 lol
 
 I feel like a zombie for some reason. Cant figure it out
 
 yay study study 
 
 rofl
 
 4 hours. 250 questions typed and answered. lol gotta love 'studying'
 
 mwah
 
 :D &lt;3
 
 sounds like a plac
 
 Okay so gas bill is paid. Contemplating pulling extra out and just living with being a little negative so we have a bit mor money till the first
 
 how horrendous
 
 Yes your a horrible horrible employee. You do such naughty things as have your phone get shut off
 
  hahah. grr
 
 ohh... I love being on call for anything because I'm 'in trouble'
 
 then bowling tomorrow night
 
 from like10-4
 
 Just got thrown on shift. 
 
 I work tomorrow
 
 luckily the Amps are 99C onbase
 
 but wese gots to dos what wese gots to dos
 
 I know
 
 its soo damn expensive...
 
 now I have to budget in caffeine again... 
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=833701269058&amp;set=oa.206630009402394&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 medication can assist with therapy and helps make progress faster.
 
 I just want to be able to concentrate
 
 grrrrr
 
 but they dont see any reason at this time to offer medication. as there is not a "magic pill"
 
 they are retarded
 
 The said I need extensive therapy
 
 to the point they will likely refer me downtown.. 
 
 I love you. And they are stupid heads
 
 mwah
 
 grrr...
 
 i hate the med center facility
 
 WTF!?
 
 they aren't going to give me meds
 
 no meds... 
 
 I don't need an iPod I have a phone
 
 :)
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=480313665312377&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 lol
 
 hell no on the last one my god
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3851383216521&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf hehehe
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3889781196218&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf  I LIKE!
 
 hehe me me me
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=367905106611952&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 you? lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3882851363205&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 girls room?
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3023143476298&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 I talked with Dr. Weimer and he still does not feel that medication is the answer. \n\nWe both feel there is more of an anxiety component that is being triggered
 
 that is making things difficult for you. \n_____________\n\nI finally try to get help... WFT!?   I can't get any meds at all.  WTF!\nWe can talk about this Thurs. Call me when you can at 228-4926.\nBefore 0900...should be good.. or around 1300. \n
 
 so... doctor emailed me back..
 
 :P
 
 fear me
 
 love me
 
 do as I say and I will be your slave
 
 HAHA
 
 dont have to wish
 
 when I know it to be true. Follow me
 
 let me rule you
 
 and I will be your slave
 
 no matter how much you wish it
 
 you are not god my darling
 
 I only spend like 5-10 minutes sending you links. lol I'm just that god. ROFL
 
 you have way too much time on your hands at work. Shouldnt you be I dont know....working or something my love
 
 http://www.facebook.com/groups/404965616197414/
 
 dork
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4204245834746&amp;set=oa.206632212735507&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 :D
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151040657804446&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 long ass day
 
 on way home to change and leave basically... gr....
 
 Yes I know Target and Salvation army are assholes
 
 but they are helping kiddos. :-)  :P  
 
 July 28th  0800-1000am   Child Spree  @ Target (broadway and craycroft)  (volunteer thingy)
 
 lier head
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=342917872449645&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 I know you didnt cause I was talking to billy and saundra etc and you didnt so there
 
 uh uh you so did not
 
 you are too tired to even know anymore
 
 I made sure of it so :P
 
 I crawled onto the bed 
 
 with an electric razor in my hand
 
 and gave you a kiss. 
 
 you may have thought about it but you didnt
 
 did not cam upstairs peed and left
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=450801871619623&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 so :P
 
 I came upstairs
 
 gave you a kis
 
 and said goodbye
 
 ?
 
 Password1
 
 how rude
 
 :P
 
 second day in a row no good bye
 
 im annoyed with you
 
 I cant go cuase I dont have login
 
 not sure if it will pop up. but heres an oven and range for like 1200$ :)
 
 https://shop.aafes.com/shop/Product.aspx?dept_id=1809&amp;PFID=I072Z&amp;gid=87625d89&amp;AskReturn=search
 
 lol figured you would like this. ROFL\n
 
 fun
 
 Im just gonna grab like a couple hamburger buns hot dogs and some stuff to make hamburgers with. 
 
 damn right lol
 
 they're rolling in $$
 
 make the rich couple bring it. lol
 
 yup yup yup
 
 I know. I get mine on friday but most of that is gone to the gas bill so we will be down to 60. And I plan on using 20 ish for food for friday night and just telling them byob
 
 we have 100$ for the next like 2.5 weeks
 
 kk
 
 Okie dokie &lt;3 Spaghetti for dinner. Could you pick up a pack of smokes while your on base? I still have some left but that way they are cheaper. 
 
 then home
 
 then to the Bx to buy a shirt and a jacket
 
 almost done with work
 
 Mwah :D
 
 So tonight we need to move the dresser to the bedroom so I can sort through the clothes. I also need to get hangers for youi. TOns and tons of hangers so I can hang up as much as possible in an attempt to make it fit. Then all the boxes of your crap will move from the living room into the bedroom so they are out of my way while they wait for you to have time to unpack them. See I genius and didnt even put them in garage cause &lt;3
 
 If we had two fifty lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=527932329090&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 :D
 
 u guys want the fingernail polish?
 
 I know. :( Lov eyou though
 
 not enough time to come home for lunch any;more babe. I love you and miss you too
 
 its 5$ for everything
 
 I miss you. Its weird not having you home for lunch everyday
 
 Is pretty pretty. I ike nailpolish
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=114740725336424&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 yay
 
 good thing I have some money on the Clothing side fo the STAR card
 
 fun fun fun
 
 and the suit jacket
 
 I have to go buy a new short sleeve today. 
 
 hmm okey dokey...
 
 Yes the long sleeve shirt tie and jacket
 
 not the service suit jacket
 
 the long sleeve blues
 
 Ok. Just so you know found your uniform. You packed it under your damn scanner...WTF is wrong with you that you put it there? 
 
 still getting times now
 
 oh... 17-19 August Laughlin bowling trip
 
 ok thank you. I might be able to make it
 
 11-1130 on Friday 27th
 
 U should dress up Ike Tim curry in rhps 
 
 what?
 
 ?
 
 Dress yup Rocky horror picture sho
 
 Mwah ttyl
 
 well I have to go study. so I'm off fb. 
 
 wow...
 
 No there's no box at all dude. No cable going to the house. 
 
 on that wall.
 
 I bet the damn shit is in the den
 
 and Cox said the property was good. 
 
 I don't know
 
 argh~
 
 and what will that cost?
 
 You should yell at realities for lyying
 
 Drill a hole. Add a box to the house run a damn line from the power poles. Full job
 
 so what are they gonna do?
 
 full install?
 
 Yeah they lyre no cable hookup at all full install. Got through to Des interviewer is supposed to call me back....
 
 yardsale. lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=500073613341709&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 call DES
 
 and then we can do more on the house
 
 I might be getting out early today. yippee. lol
 
 :P
 
 Mwah  yup yup yup
 
 Never
 
 lemme know when the internet guy shows up
 
 okey dokey
 
 Yay then i can pur it together tonight 
 
 in the van
 
 I didn't they are in the bag 
 
 I haven't looked in the van yet so unless you brought them in
 
 I've only seen those three in the van and like 2 in the house
 
 maybe in box somewhere
 
 I didn't see any.
 
 Love you too. Are there anymore poles for saundras bed in the van? I found four. Or maybe three...need atleast like one more for a sturdy bed.
 
 Mwah love you babe
 
 lol
 
 bullshit. :P
 
 Nope waiting braless LOL gonna be a porno ; )
 
 soo... has the guy shown up yet?
 
 purties. lol
 
 lol 
 
 ? purities?
 
 Fucking autocorrect purties 
 
 Purities.
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4346167412465&amp;set=oa.206632892735439&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=114740725336424&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 tortilla warmer. :D
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3872401101955&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 you and katums... 
 
 you and nikkums might like this
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=447020425331563&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 at work in civies?
 
 853$ on Friday
 
 love you
 
 dont forget to call the gas place today
 
 Idk 
 
 dondon find an AC?
 
 I got down to just the one dresser the white thing and washer and dryer in garage 
 
 love you toooooooooooooooo
 
 Love you. 
 
 sent to your aol
 
 Bikes too
 
 Have a random box or two there two
 
 The outside stuff
 
 what from ur mums
 
 Gotta get stuff from house. The last of it. Gotta get stiff from moms too. 
 
 Maybe part of it. I don't know.
 
 its cuz you are in a new house
 
 your house
 
 and its nice. lol
 
 I'm trying LOL I feel very sleepwalky still. Nothing feels real at all
 
 :P hehe ~poke!~ you there? :D come back. :D :D
 
  Think its the knowledge that soneone gives a fucj that makesme pull back to realityI
 
 We r cookoo together lol
 
 especially when I'm cookoo
 
 I shouldn't be able to ground anyone. lol
 
 Maw I like my solitude. I wish you were home. I just want to curl up next to you. I feel very floaty I Just want to be grounded. Somehow you ended up the one that can do that
 
 wake his ass up.its 9am and I gave him an extra 50$ yesterday. 
 
 look at my wall
 
 the picture I just shared. lol
 
  No and he's asleep
 
 Shut up butthead I don't know some anime crap
 
 do you know any other ones he might want? so I can see if she knows the character? 
 
 what is the one he just ordered?
 
 goodrich?  LMFAO!
 
 Sounds Goodrich me
 
 if he knows what he wants and doesnt need it immediately
 
 She is now making cosplay outfts for people and selling them (normally only charging a lil over supplies cost). lol so the next one Mikey wants we might want o get through her
 
 Yay..... LOL yeah no like link
 
 remember Onna? (the oklahoma cosplay person) (you said she looked like zelda I think)
 
 I emailed you the number
 
 but can't do till monday
 
 Lazy bums. I can't move furniture and watch the kids by myself. Need atleast two more people up...fuckers. we need to call gas company. I wont be able to wash till hot water. Already starting to smell loo
 
 lol
 
 9am? wtf
 
 I want to start doing things but I'm the only one up
 
 :P I'm tired. :P
 
 LOL my darling. I'm so tired. So very very tired. 
 
 I'm blasting Nick pitera one man disney movie. HAHAHA
 
 whole room to myself. 
 
 Love you too babe :D
 
 I love you my darling
 
 Love you too babe
 
 anyways.. I can't be on fb I'll txt you whenever I get off work.
 
 no. same numer of days
 
 they will just be longer
 
 my studying now does not count during m normal duty hours and must be accomplished afterwards
 
 So u working fewer days then
 
 They're ass faces. I love you
 
 so Imma be 'grumpy'
 
 I'll try. text it to me.  its gonna be hell for the next couple weeks with my new 'schedule' wchich will end up with me working like 14-15 hour days at times. 
 
 Love you. Dishes bug spray. Microwave glasses. Pots pans bath room box.
 
 &lt;3 u Michigan grande
 
 No but uh that's cheap as fuck
 
 arent' you a member of the page? lol
 
 lol
 
 75$ for 8 pots and pans?
 
 I want dishes and copper bottom stainless steel pots please. Give
 
 stovewear
 
 dishes
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=130261907112639&amp;set=oa.207736952625033&amp;type=1
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=465653923444944&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1  ROFL  your kind of dishware
 
 :D I want
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=466181736726229&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1
 
 you konw that a deaf puppy is not a good idea witht eh kids
 
 noipe
 
 I want puppy we call him Peter 
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151007047902369&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1 PUPPY
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151007042942369&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1 mini fridge
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=380073458722599&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1
 
 can't move shit until we get the damn keys
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151007047902369&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 he's soo cute
 
 and.. THursday at lie 8pm her time
 
 to 8am her time Saturday isn't bad timliness..
 
 I emailed him asking if we could move stuff into the back yard this weekend. because I'm on a tight schedule and had everything organized to move this weekend before the Marissa signing shit ws brought up... THursday
 
 I don't trust tucson
 
 That'll be nice. Yeah we need to bust out. Tonight well buy a couple things for the next day then wait to shop toll we move. I guess we have sheds.  
 
 in an old folks neighborhood
 
 in my back yard?
 
 LOL them it gets swiped lol
 
 so we should hopefully get the check on like Tuesday
 
 I'm thinking about emailing him and asking if I can at least start movig stuff into my back yard.. lol
 
 ya.. 
 
 Cstupid
 
 because the title service isn't open on the weekends
 
 No keys until likie Monday Afternoon.
 
 ?
 
 min payment on the VS card is 190$   damn... Wasn't expecting that..... 
 
 100 onCapital one
 
 paid 250 on Star card
 
 100 onCapital one
 
 paid 250 on Star card
 
 100 onCapital one
 
 paid 250 on Star card
 
 so thats twenty dollars give or take a bit I got to spend. Im thinking cream of mushroom soup so that we can have tuna casserole for lunch and a bag of cereal and a thing of milk for breakfast
 
 or just another box of pancake mix depending on cost. and a couple two liters of soda as they are on sale for 79 cents if you buy two or more
 
 Saturday we have dinner
 
 but we need to pick up something for lunch and probably breakfast
 
 dinner tomorrow is whatever meat we defrost and chicken
 
 lunch tomorrow is alfredo sauce and egg noodles
 
 tomorrow for breakfast and saturday for breakfast is pancakes with honey for syrup
 
 dinner is going to be chicken
 
 lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=465551093455227&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf  dondon
 
 we still have some meat in the fridge.. when you making that.? :D\n
 
 or pancakes
 
 ramen and tater tots
 
 we basically right now have ramen for lunch
 
 and we are almost out of eggs.
 
 nope
 
 kids ate them for lunch
 
 any pork chops left?
 
 sucks to be you then dont it. We has no food till tomorrow
 
 You ever get divorced
 
 we get married
 
 you can go to WIC and attempt to prove me wrong
 
 :v  I'm hungry :v 
 
 I do.. everythere else except for fucked up tucson apparently
 
 :P :P :P :P
 
 I know what I is talking about here
 
 you dont
 
 thats what you get :P
 
 ITS NOT WORTH IT
 
 then they give you tickets to the fb
 
 :P
 
 with one extra kid I might now get an extra gallon of milk
 
 pound of cheese and two bags of beans. But thats it
 
 no they will only give you so much
 
 if you have the infnant package
 
 you get more formula than milk
 
 thats what you get here
 
 and three pounds of cheese
 
 and a bag of rice or bean
 
 plus four gallons of milk
 
 since when?
 
 thats it
 
 thats 25.00
 
 of the small ones
 
 you get two containers a month
 
 no
 
 but they also give you over 120$ worth of formula a month
 
 they are not worth the pain in the ass they are for 50 dollars worth of food a month
 
 insinuates you are a bad parent and does it over and over again every month when you pick your stuff up
 
 says that your children are malnurished
 
 wic makes derogitory comments about you
 
 pushes you with threats of cps
 
 the fb gives you food because you need it
 
 No it makes perfect sense
 
 and you konw it
 
 that makes no damn sense
 
 lol I have never been nor will I ever be better then that. I am what I am and thats all that I am. White trash who can dig through the bottome to make it through a month. WIIC No
 
 I am better then WIC but not better then the damn food bank lol
 
 you're with me now. HEHEHE
 
 :) 
 
 but.. one way or another we are better than that... 
 
 yup 
 
 we could
 
 it would just be tight. When it comes down to the wire I know how to make things work
 
 if I have to. Sell mom fs for cash
 
 use cash for bills
 
 go to food bank. I know the drill
 
 I just really hate doing it because it makes food a total bitch for a month cause food bank gets the crap no one wants to eat
 
 I dont think we could make it through the month
 
 with the Appraisal cost.. (450)  the utilities...
 
 and the cars being broke now
 
 We could make it through this month without that
 
 but that will definitely (im not getting my hopes up but you know) save us from the pain of being BROKE as fuck
 
 I'm really good at maintaining when we are about to fail... but I dont fucking know how..
 
 and turn on the damn electricity etc. That would be just enough to save us right now. 
 
 it can fix the cars.
 
 hopefully it actually happens.. because we need it
 
 hmm... dont konw how I'm getting a 1200$ check.. but I'm not asking questions. ROFL!
 
  Hi Phillip
 
\nI went though everything for you we look good to go
 
 you will be getting a check after closing (not today but maybe Friday) for about $1200. If you need anything Ciria is one of the best Escrow officers in Tucson she can also help you or you can call me if needed but I may not be able to answer. Also my assistant Heather Priest can assist if needed her number is 979-5851. Thanks Phillip
 
 michael\n\n
 
 ok.. mwah love you babe..... 
 
 Love ya sweety. Imma go curl up on  the couch and disapear for a while
 
 I know we have to do that. :P   we need our drivers 'driving' 
 
 yeah you better fix the daily drivers first and you cant put work into your caddi while you have a project car
 
 so we have two daily drivers
 
 and the flip car would be the project car ;) ROFL
 
 :P
 
 Lolyall retarded and you-know-what the rule is. One project car at a time
 
 all the cracked heads cars should be easy flips. ROFL
 
 if he can work on engines the way he says he can.
 
 nicholas*
 
 like I wanted to do with nick
 
 well... if dondon stays for awhile.. we can get some money (once we have money) by flipping cars basically
 
 $$=stress
 
 etc.. :P HAHAA
 
  $$ stress etc
 
 what doy ou mean?
 
 Ill see depends on how this weekend goes
 
 but but but but please ma'am ;)
 
 well oh well then
 
 you said you weren't buying pizza though... :'(
 
 you have to wait until sunday
 
 I want a pizza... or two
 
 eat
 
 lol it happens. I dont think ive eaten yet. But im not entirely sure
 
 by me from awhile ago
 
 I'm  tired
 
 bored
 
 hungry
 
 and going through a 1 pound bag of Sunflower seeds I found forgotten about in my desk
 
 Im just blech
 
 Im tired. I dont even want to do shit right now
 
 lol
 
 so if it isnt good it will be soon enough lol
 
 the manager from our safeway
 
 the bigger girl with the ponytail went up there
 
 I dont know
 
 like omg we have no salsa
 
 or do you know?
 
 is it a good safeway or no?
 
 but if we are only going shopping once or twice a month we can go to our safeway and go to thej closer one for the quick shit
 
 I like our safeway too. I know everyone there. but I think the one on Tanqueverde is closer.
 
 I like our safeway.. :'(  but it is alitte drive away if there is another one closer that is ok
 
 th3e one we use now at least for this month then we can switch
 
 are we changing Safeways afetr we move or staying at the one we use now?
 
 and balance accordingly when we are there
 
 so we will have to figure it out
 
 but.... that would be cash 
 
 not FS
 
 I meant if you we get like 20 pounds at a time it might be cheaper overall. 
 
 eh IDK you wantta buy a cow buy a cow
 
 butchering large quantities of meat will prolly be cheaper
 
 once we get a deep freeze
 
 and cereal oatmeal or eggs and pancakes for breakfast
 
 noodles and sandwhiches for lunch
 
 as well as matzo ball soup
 
 beef stew and chicken soup are on the menu for next month
 
 went through meat sales already lol
 
 I wish I could check the commisary prices online..
 
 depending ont he meat sales. lol
 
 soup spread s cheaper then meat
 
 noodles
 
 10 egg
 
 you plannin on a lot of soup? lol
 
 sauces tomato soup etc
 
 I plan on getting like 10 veggie 10 regular 10 mac and cheese 10 egg noodle
 
 yeah pretty much
 
 so we can do the whole month of drys' and sauces
 
 etc..
 
 there will be more freezer space with that fridge but we probably need a deep freezer anyway so we can freeze bread and other frozen shit etc without having to go out so much
 
 we have enough dry storage space. That pantry has lots of shelves and there are enough cupboards we should be fine
 
 in the house?
 
 do we have enough dry storage space?
 
 soo... deep freezer and another fridge?
 
 yeah no we wont have room for a whole month at once but I can stock up on some shit and go from there
 
 luckily the toilet bowl cleaner is on sale. lol
 
 cuz we need lots of cleaning stuff. and spakle
 
  and and and this weekend. 
 
 we dont have room to do the whole month shopping at once do we?
 
 or figure out a gluten free flour
 
 and make you a homemde pizza
 
 lol
 
 hmm... make the caulaflower pizza. 
 
 fuck that shit
 
 and gluten gfree pizza
 
 single person size....15.00
 
 naw we dont really use the canned stuff too much anymore
 
 they aren't on sale for the $3.5 like they were for awhile
 
 or something like that
 
 those boxes are like $5.90
 
 are we gonna do any of the canned veggie buys from the commisary?
 
 and and and
 
 and tins
 
 
 
 we need a can crusher
 
 and a bin just for cans
 
 and we shoudl get you gluten free pizza so I can still have damn pizza :P
 
 we'll see how it goes
 
 12 bags of cereal and 3 containers of oatmeal
 
 16 twelve packs of soda
 
 veggie noodles etc
 
 mac and cheese
 
 sandwhiches
 
 and I got all cheap easy shit for lunches
 
 stew instead of chicken fried steak
 
 you kno0w
 
 make chicken soup with dumplings instead of fried chicken with mashed potatoes
 
 so so long as we get boutniful baskets so we have vegetables to stretch it with
 
 rice etc. We should have more then plenty
 
 well I got plenty of cheap meat on here
 
 but if he's awake (which he said he's gonna be awake more for dinner
 
 Donavan eats mostly ramen
 
 yeah pretty much.
 
 safeways selection is limited
 
 and is that including feeding 11 people?
 
 I just have to go to whole foods or trader joes
 
 yeah
 
 its still food
 
 cant you buy the gluten free stuff on the FS?
 
 Oh and ill still buy pasta cause you know kids. but I refuse to buy pizza I cant eat
 
 they are on sale for 6.99 next month
 
 oh and a month worth of diapers 19.88
 
 if I shop carefully
 
 not including bountiful baskets and any gluten free products I need to buy I can get us through next month on about 430.00 if I have your safeway card
 
 :P
 
 let me finish shhhhh
 
 assuming they have the bread.... 
 
 and no extras
 
 and I shop carefully 
 
 depends if you want any extras
 
 so if we get boutniful baskets the next two weeks
 
 and a shaky shaky shake. LOL\n
 
  bottle of water
 
 hehe
 
 so I can   get yumminess
 
 it needs to be the 5th
 
 I'm losin it today
 
 lol
 
 retard
 
 :v  nom nom nom
 
 okey dokey.. lemme know what it looks like. :)
 
 maybe. Im making food plans right now
 
 for the boys room
 
 Rug Doctor Pet Formula 
 
 96oz Limit1 $3.00 OFF Coupon \nOne-time 4/1/2012 - 6/30/2012  and we might want this... 
 
 --------------
 
 hehe... 
 
  Cascade - Liquid or Powder Dish Detergent 
 
 155oz Your Price $7.64 Personalized Price \nUnlimited 6/27/2012 - 7/3/2012 
 
 u on the Safeway list I emailed?
 
 becasue if you find a job fast
 
 and then she's gone for a week or two or whatever..   you can't exactly start work....
 
 and then so are wel
 
 so if you find a job fast
 
 she's kinda fucked
 
 and.. her saying you two looking for jobs doesnt exactly work out right if shes not gonna be here. 
 
 BUt I have to much other shit going on to attempt to deal with that issue of jealousy
 
 and the jealousy can also be about what shes gonna do in Cali.. ever think of that...
 
 like I said..   one way or another it will end badly
 
 Your freaking out. Shes coming back
 
 thats not an issue. My worry is she is going to lose her shit cause the kids are with Rocky and he is a dick
 
 or she is going to end up stuck in Marana cause her mom picks her up and doesnt let her leave the fuck of no where
 
 and thats nto even the whole jealously side of me
 
 becasue I'm attempting to ignore that. (not really working.. but I have to much other shit to deal with at the moment to deal wit that)
 
 one way or another
 
 this is not going to end well
 
 this will either end badly
 
 one way or another
 
 or.. she's not coming back
 
 yeah I know
 
 cause she knows I can and will watch them but she wont do it because rocky and her mom jump down her throat
 
 this just sounds like a bad idea. all the way around
 
 either with rocky or her mom
 
 where are the kids going if she's running off to Cali? 
 
 93%*
 
 3% Lean Ground Beef 
 
 per lb Your Price $2.97 Personalized Price \nUnlimited 6/20/2012 - 7/17/2012 
 
 but i will talk to her about it later and we will get it figured out
 
 because this 
 
 her card disapearing is fucking ridiculous
 
 I think she needs to do the buying at the beginning of the month
 
 Password1
 
 dude whats your damn password for safeway?
 
 Safeway Farms - Russet Potatoes 
 
 5lb bag excludes Organic Your Price $1.59 Personalized Price \nUnlimited 6/20/2012 - 7/17/2012 
 
 yeah well if we had all her damn food stamps and she didnt buy food for her sister
 
 mother
 
 father and ex husband....we would be more then fine. Im just going to budget mine to last as close to a month as I can
 
 and then use her last hundred to fill in the blanks. Cause if she is going to cali on the fourteenth or whatever then she is going to give rocky or her mom the card.
 
  or.. if we're broke again
 
 we cant do what we've done for the past wee
 
 because  we can't really afford to spend money out of pocket at the en of the month again
 
 soo you
 
 me
 
 and katey
 
 need to sit down and figure how we are spending this months FS
 
 yeah they knocked the shreddd cheese down to 5.00 last month vs 8
 
 instead of like 3$ something. lol
 
 GREAT!
 
 Naked Juice - Well Being Drink 
 
 15.2oz Your Price $1.99 Personalized Price \nUnlimited 6/27/2012 - 7/3/2012   rofl
 
 I need to go through their regular sales list anyway so I can plan out nesxt months of meals
 
 I added most of them
 
 but I liked some of them. lol
 
 go look at the list on Safeway rom what I aded
 
 luckily the potatoes are on the sale list on the card. lol
 
 tomorrow is pancakes and saturday is bacon and eggs and potatoes
 
 ditto. I made the kids poached eggs and toast for breakfast. Out of cereal
 
 out of oatmeal lol
 
 we've also been going to bed at like 8 hun
 
 I'm hungry..
 
 and I didnt even stay up that late last night. I was in bed by 11:30
 
 im soooo tired
 
 lol
 
 ok 
 
 no fever
 
 no tummy upset
 
 hes just tiredf
 
 also adam is "sick"\n so hes in his room
 
 lol
 
 lol ok you've driven it more
 
 I'll take your word for it
 
 as I told katey.. its going GRRRRR when it should be going grrrrrr
 
 No
 
 thats not what the van sounds like
 
 the engine sounded fine
 
 The engine is reving louder
 
 other than the turning
 
 I didn't notice any noises
 
 thats what I meant
 
 yeah no you go from neutral back into drive and it goes
 
 like its trying to fucking hard to drive
 
 mine actually just kicked it into nuetral
 
 My issue is it just makes a weird ass noise.
 
 Yeah and then you just neutral to drive and it goes right back
 
 of gear
 
 I dont know.
 
 it slipped on my twice
 
 but both were in turns or right after turns. which seemed like the wheel forced it out
 
 because I think ifwe fix the Power steering we will fix the slipping thing
 
 we might be able to get away with changing the filter and fluid on the van
 
 Im going to write up  a meal plan
 
 etc and price shop for my rice shit
 
 kk 
 
 bunch
 
 I added a but of new stuff
 
 did you add this months yet or is that just the leftover stuff from what I added last month
 
 kk
 
 sent you an email on AOL nixabee
 
 okie dokie
 
 my mum said take pictures of the new house during and after the unpack
 
 mornin babe
 
 You think you might be home n time to take rene to moms? Or do you think sg1 is going to be running late
 
 &lt;3 ttyl
 
 yup yup
 
 love ya too
 
 ooh yay hopefully its just transmission I dont even want to check fluid till friday cause I cant buy transmission fluid till friday anyway
 
 i lvoe you dear
 
 and cleaning supplies
 
 spackle for the house
 
 I knew we werent supposed to have money ROFL\nand...
 
 hmm.. oh yea... fix van HAHA
 
 I think we might have like 200$ extra...
 
 yeah that would be good
 
 oh well I'llfigure it out friday hopefully
 
 hmm....
 
 I still have to figure out how to pay the windschield place since it tried to pull and got declined. lol
 
 And I can give you the hundred back next Friday if you need it for bills once I get cashed
 
 100 school stuff
 
 and a carton of smokes
 
 30 fo ryour food and nessessities
 
 so.. like 75 vs\n200 STAR (covers gas)\n130 Internet\n80 Insurance\n70            bowling\n100 windshielf CC\n450 (appraisal if they didn't take it out of the escrwo since it didnt' clear)
 
 I also need like 30 bucks if we have it for some food for me and cereal and milk and smokes
 
 I think thats it
 
 windsheild credit card
 
 bowling
 
 gas
 
 insurance
 
 internet
 
 star card
 
 vs
 
 but 
 
 so imma go back to the couch
 
 yeah Im online but I dont want to talk.
 
 I feel like making poor mans egg drop soup. rofl
 
 oh.. I think when I get home Imma boil some Ramen on the stove with lik 2 eggs in it. 
 
 ou online... I think I thought of all the bills.. I prolly forgotsome though
 
 lovity love you
 
 deep.. but.. I still lov eyou :P  lol hehe
 
 mwah
 
 umm.... lol
 
 No. I am Atlas
 
 you are simply a boulder upon the earth. Your love for me cannot match the love I show for you day upon day. I am god
 
 and I weary under the weight of the world. Someday soon I will fall
 
 and you and the rest of your world will not be able to save me
 
 or yourselves. I pity you on that day
 
 because only then will you realize how inferior you have always been to my weary magnifisence. 
 
 MWAH!!! love you more
 
 Love you
 
 and is tired of her mum
 
 who tried to get her to stay there permenantly'
 
 because she misses us
 
 she said she's coming friday
 
 umm.. mwah love you :P
 
 he never cme backblack hole of holiness abd shitS
 
 why not?
 
 Yeah don't believe it. 
 
 i know kiera's sick
 
 they'll prolly come home on friday from what she told me. 
 
 rofl
 
 jurassic?
 
 Katey no home Jurassic sick
 
 lol wow
 
 beating yesterday. rofl
 
 I just got ready to make lunch then looked at the clock
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10100299542616367&amp;set=oa.207730639292331&amp;type=1
 
 Just fed the kids lunch then realized it was ninethirty
 
 im starving. and broke. :P I feel ya
 
 I might cry
 
 at all
 
 I have no caffination
 
 mornin
 
 Hola love
 
 hola MWAH
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 etc etc etc etc etc etc etc
 
 100 to the tint loan
 
 200+ to the star ard (use that for the gas) VS
 
 Capital one
 
 Cox
 
 etc...
 
 so now thats gone
 
 little bitty pieces
 
 They tore the mat to pieces
 
 Ugh ugh ugh ugh demon children today
 
 i know
 
 We need to catch up on everything as best as we can.
 
 I guess so
 
 so that helps some. i guess
 
 plus the 500 that always goes in
 
 1184.00\non the 1st
 
   
 
 remind me
 
 monday 730am  CDC test (in uniform)
 
 Yeah youll have to schedule the week after
 
 time for a followup when I have time
 
 but I can't next week.. working mission
 
 roflmao see what you can do lol
 
 possibly see if they can let me keep them for sleep aids. rofl
 
 WHY! do I hget headaches with my migraine meds
 
 they dont do anything boooo! time to change meds
 
 
 
 duh thats kinda what opiots do
 
 wtf!   headache for migraine medicine
 
 these are the ones I hvae
 
  dizziness; drowsiness; dry mouth; headache\nloss of appetite
 
 Tramadol\nside effects
 
 okey dokey
 
 I guess Mikey well have to call and ask tonight cause Don Don is working tomorrow too
 
 soo.. whos watchin kiddos tomorrow?
 
 lo
 
 severely screwed up episode. Torchwood really has no happy endings. I think that si why I like it though. I mean for god sake at this point Owen is running around all Zombie with no clue when he is going to finally be dead and completely unable to heal. Tosh is still in love with him
 
 Jack is in love with Gwen and shes in love with Jack and Owen and fn married to rhyse. Fucking drama show fucking drama
 
 kids down for a nap katey and hers gone for the weekend. now im bored. 
 
 mwah
 
 I miss you
 
 &lt;33
 
 mwah
 
 lol nop unfortunatelty itas only june....id settle for august. More room
 
 and then is it september so I can get back to you and my babies. 
 
 and then is it March yet so we can make some money. lol
 
 rofl
 
 is it AQugust yt? lol so we can be settled in?
 
 lol
 
 uh huh sure sooo gonna happen
 
 er
 
 go to bed early
 
 how in fuck you gonna wake up thta early?
 
 oh thatll be fun
 
 wednsday I'm working from 215am-noon 
 
 http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-life-of-a-confused-soul/422851867753112
 
 hmm... knife play. ROFL
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3763845707225&amp;set=oa.206635636068498&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 looky
 
 looky big tv for 20$
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=771651727004&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 i owe you lots of love and affection and admiration
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3713735154626&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 LOL damn right okie dokie. Gotta get your phone card then wipes toilet paperthats like 70 right there.
 
 babe*
 
 okey dokey baby
 
 Imma. Stupid autocorrect
 
 inmaterial?
 
 ?
 
 So tommorrow immaterial just pull cash out
 
 do you have any extra $$ on Friday to buy me a phone card?
 
 mwah mwah mwah mwanh
 
 kk &lt;3
 
 off to a meeting
 
 huh? You click on the profile picture on your page and click pic from photos. Then go through the little boxy
 
 nm
 
 its changed and I cant' fucking find it
 
 how the hell doyou change profile pics?
 
 yup
 
 yeah cause thats totally what you need
 
 maybe they'll give me more drugs. haha
 
 :P
 
 yay crazy people tests. We make kids pizza we decided. LOL yeah go to test stoned. Genious
 
 ROFL
 
 I think imma take my migraine meds before I go for my test
 
 i have a meeting to go to . then lunch. then crazy people tests
 
 mwah
 
 um...fuck. I have to cook huh. IDK ill find something.
 
 lol nope
 
 whats for lunch? ;)
 
 there now its all better ;)
 
 exactly
 
 brain... POOOOF!
 
 I dont fucking know. I dont have brain sells right now at akll. Talking about babysitting w9once we move if we cant find a job. I don tknow though. I plan on doing somting. I will look once my brain turns on
 
 soo.. ...   where you applying? lol
 
 rofl
 
 9 days till I close on the house WOO! lol
 
 :)
 
 &lt;3 
 
 more cuddles tonight? :D 
 
 wuv you too
 
 I wuv you
 
 muah back my loverly
 
 mwah!
 
 but you were cuddled. :)
 
 I didnt sleep well last night. I kept tossing and turning
 
 and eat
 
 why so tired?  :P
 
 tired as all mother fuck hungry and afraid to eat and my back fn hurts
 
 so does my hip. Our bed killed me last night
 
 hows today going?
 
 love you 
 
 hey sweety
 
 :P
 
 Headed to doctors
 
 Nvm you was saved to his xboxything
 
 He babe how do I download your profile? Donavans got his Xbox hooked up and I'm to braindead to switch it
 
 lol
 
 and the brain brain brain brain brain
 
 pinky pinky pinky
 
 there sent you craptastic photo of me
 
 :)
 
 and well you are a love filled vagina. filled with my love and admiration
 
 meah love you
 
 email them 
 
 send me pics of your hair. :P
 
 its a thumbs up sign on my screen. lol
 
 Used Kateys Suetonius pink up the pink spots
 
 You think of me as a love filled vagina?
 
 with a lot of this with it &lt;3
 
 (y) &lt;---- what I think of you ;) hehehe
 
 and how much pinker is pinker?
 
 we need to bring something to drink. so.. I figured we could make donavan buy a bottle of like 20$ vodka  lol or get it with your friday money
 
 umm.. ok..
 
 Dyed my hair pinker
 
 Fun fun
 
 he lives here 700 N Circle D Way
 
 85748 \n\n
 
 kk I'll let him know we're coming :)  
 
 Sure and glasses usually do that to me the firstthree days
 
 so.. saturday at 8pm house warming party?
 
 all three pairs does the same thing
 
 so its the new ones. 
 
 nt the meds because I tried switching back to the old glasses and no issues
 
 my glasses asre trippy
 
 mwah
 
 Kk
 
 and picking up my glasses.
 
 txt me
 
 I'm going to buy a hat. 
 
 that way we can go have our bf gf couple date with friends. :-)
 
 so.. I'mma try to post and pre bowl today
 
 like 8pm till it ends..
 
 loooooove you... and we can go parrrrty on saturday night at the house party. 
 
 Don't care safety zone
 
 whats wrong?
 
 I don't care. Like at all. 
 
 :)
 
 do you want just us to go? since we haven't really been out as 'us'?
 
 I don't care. OK I'm used to takingthebehindbowlingspot. Imonmy phone. Takes forever
 
 just have to go to camino seco and throw 3     games. and then I'm done
 
 I have to go make up bowlng from last saturday that I missed today. (good thing I dont have to pay it today.) ROFL. lol
 
 babe?
 
 whered you go?
 
 hewoo?  :P
 
 do you want me to see if we can bring katey as well? or no?
 
 Oooih kk. Yeah we can dothat. 
 
 its one of my bowling friends. 
 
 and this house warming wouldn't be as babysitter
 
 Not home.. I guess I can playbbysitter for a bit. Dr appointment for my fuzzy food shit
 
 jand..... you find my hat yet?
 
 wanna go to a house warming party on June 23rd?  lol
 
 ?
 
 Got spot at 3:45 with Dr Moher. 
 
 Ugh my tummy hurts
 
 :P
 
 Love you Mucho grande my pain in the ass
 
 He's a poor sick baby
 
 poor babe
 
 He wnt LOL he is pissed at me so I sent him to his room to nap. He almost threw up twice and sat here refusing to rest because he isn't sick...he's so fing stubborn when he gets sick.
 
 wuv you
 
 seepy seep on da couch
 
 night night adam. 
 
 Adam is sick. Not quite sure what's wrong but he's pale clammy and tired. 
 
 ya'll
 
 what are ya'' doin today?
 
 hehe its Wed
 
 I get off in an hour hehehe
 
 possibly I dont know
 
 the back of it is still fine
 
 but it definitely needs some help at this point
 
 it would prolly be easier for her to make another one. because back in the day that one had heart stiching in it also
 
 yeah or maybe if we send this one back up there she can fix it? 
 
 imma see if my grandma can make another one
 
 but I doubt it..
 
 i figured
 
 okey dokey
 
 especially from them... 
 
 imma keep my distance tonight. :P
 
 we found as much as we could but without a sewing machine its going to take a while to fix it
 
  We beat the hell outta them and they are in their room still now even though nap time is over
 
 I know
 
 my grandma made that for me
 
 imma killem'
 
 Me and Katey can attempt to fix it but without a sewing machine its gonna take us a while.
 
 The boys took it up to their room somehow and then proceeded to um...harm it.
 
 So babe
 
 you know your blue quilt...
 
 love you babe
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk
 
 well I'm off to come chnge and head to bowling. :P
 
 and the like 7K in closing costs will just bedded to me mortgage
 
 my home owners insurance is like 40(ish) a month because its 500$ a year
 
 yeah thats how our insurance was it was on our morgage. an extra 20 or something a month
 
 and it will still end up lower monthly payments than was I was going to have
 
 I'm having to pay closing costs and I lose them covering the house insurance  but he said that I still wont have to pay anything as it can be aded to my loan for a slight % increase
 
 the realtor said they should agree
 
 but doggies run away. :P  and dig up my brand new yard. :P
 
 roflmao you have to take care of it. Honestly I dont have the energy for a pet. I want a dog cause the kids are old enough to do the yard lol
 
 for our bedroom. lol
 
 i want a tangerine gecko
 
 lol
 
 he is so cute. the kids would kill  im
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151839682450354&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 if they accept the new offer becuase its 18K less
 
 it will be about 800$ a monthtotal
 
 instead of 900+ lol
 
 kk
 
 Love you see you at lunch
 
 very  little  fb activity from me for the next month or so. Walking on Eggshells here at work now...
 
 Sausage and potatoes for lunch
 
 i know i told her tomorrow
 
 I guess... but i def wont have time today
 
 lol
 
 You need to get my mom a pass sometime tomorrow so Katey can cut her hair
 
 renee says when the chat pops up it isnt hers. It auto logs on everytime that her mom gets on the computer :D
 
 lol you just said hi to renees mom lol
 
 lol maybe if we had money
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=769090080564&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=769091048624&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 and apparently everyone is confused by jicima
 
 like the caulafower pizza crust because the person didn't like caulaflower
 
 most of them are interesting things people have done
 
 seriously granola cookies? braised celery? the only one I like is fried eggplant pizza but I cant eat eggplants anyway
 
 lol
 
 I guess I could make jam
 
 or a cheescake with a blueberry topping. There is nothing intereting on here. Ive gone through it all going ew gross no....noo...eeeewww
 
 :P
 
 eat'em
 
 go go go
 
 http://www.facebook.com/BountifulBasketRecipes
 
 I guess Ill have to find a use for so many blueberries
 
 roflmao whatever works
 
 hehe... sgt littleton is gonna go home at 9am today
 
 (he was on shift) and order his BB and order me the Blueberries
 
 and I'll pay him tomrrow. lol
 
 but I figure I can probably save some and throw it in a container for you to eat for lunch tomorrow. Cause I am awesome like that
 
 yeah no
 
 guess my women gotta get up at like 5 :P  ROFL
 
 we need to go to the store soon cause I have been craving sausage and potatoes and we have no sausage and like no potatoes. Have to get more meat and diapers too. Granted even if I make sausage and potatoes for breakfast tomorrow your probably working 
 
 with bacon
 
 I want sausage and potatoes
 
 
 
 i know lol
 
 eating at home is soooooo much cheaper
 
 why do you think we never eat out lol
 
 lookie. you'll like this
 
 http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2011/09/24/opinion/sunday/20110925_BITTMAN_MARSHgph.htm
 
 no you WAAAAAAAAANNNNNTTT blueberries
 
 but we nNNNEEEDDDDD blueberries. :P
 
 cuz we dont need another basket
 
 lol &lt;3
 
 hmm find someone that is ordering a basketlike now. lol
 
 bubba and adam love them
 
 but the girls arent huge on blueberries
 
 i usually have to force them to get through two clamshells
 
 no they wont lol
 
 instead of like $1.25
 
 nd in the store its like 4-5$ a pint
 
 u know the kids will fly through them
 
 itd probably make more sense to just go pick some up at the store
 
 lol you wants the blueberries. What are we going to do with 12 clamshells of blueberrys?
 
 $14.50 ea
 
 Blueberries - 12 - 6 oz. clamshells - product of California\n
 
 imma see if sgt littleton will order a basket andill pay him to order me blueberries lol
 
 blueberries this week as an extra.. :'(
 
 I was outside with the kids 
 
 hewo?
 
 you online?
 
 damn... blueberries this week
 
 headin home to change
 
 tx me
 
 because if its pink or purple it will probably stain sissys hair
 
 what color you lookin at?
 
 she wants vids and pics of the kids (like Saundra's autsism ticks
 
 adam when he shows some) etc.. and if I randomly show up wtih colored kids she might flip. if anything I'll just text her and say hey... kids hair gonna be this color... 
 
 wtf does she have to do with it
 

 

 
whatever ill go buy kool aid
 
 because she wants some pics and vids of the kids
 
 temp dye no ammonia
 
 I want to get that passed through Marissa
 
 wit coolaid
 
 yay you. can we dye kids hasir?
 
 MW3
 
 :D
 
 hehe I have a lone wolf op tonight. lol 
 
 thought id share
 
 also gonna never drive on base again
 
 I didnt fucking do it on purpose so fuck it
 
 Uh huh
 
 6 inch
 
 wheat
 
 lettuce
 
 turkey
 
 honey mustard.. :P I'm being '''healthy'''
 
 Sgt littleton bought me a sammich
 
 Kk
 
 and we get paid like 850 on next fri
 
 soo.. can I have like 40? :)
 
 I dont know what the payouts are
 
 I'm hoping for a couple hundred total.. but who knows. lol
 
 but tomorrow should be able to come out of winnings
 
 i need tonights. 
 
 Or is it coming out of winnijgsO
 
 I assume I'm paying for bowljg this night and sat right\n
 
 ?
 
 Awe sadface. Fucking touch screen and shit. 
 
 none of the fun stuff
 
 at least I can type. ROFL\nand the only thing I have is sleepy
 
 Lol ifi gwtthe chance. Youhigh yet? Should yoube driving?
 
 I did NOT like bowling in uniform last time. HAHA
 
 so I can change and run to bowling
 
 I think my red/black gym shorts are upstairs
 
 can you grab them
 
 and white or black shirt for me?
 
 Its an opiat...so duh
 
 holy shit
 
 umm...
 
 that whole  'may cause drowsiness'  wasn't fucking kidding on these meds
 
 wow....
 
 your gonna make me cry
 
 and thats mean
 
 cause I cant buy shit on base
 
 I dont want yours I have a pack of yours sitting there and it tastes like ass
 
 u can go buy my smokes for like 3bucks. lol
 
 whatever 5.99 for camels off base
 
 and I aint buyin in pocket change. lol so its like 8 off base :P
 
 I thought they were like 3.5 or something for camels
 
 like 5\n
 
 up to 3.24 how much is a pack?
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 but have my housing meeting at 2
 
 oh.. I have tomorrow off
 
 found 2.74 so bad
 
 only a bit short
 
 muah my loverly
 
 mwah
 
 rofl
 
 :P
 
 i want lotto i want lotto
 
 I want richness
 
 I want smokes I want smokes I have no money and it sucsk
 
 maybe
 
 mayyybe... we watch dr who.. all snuggeld upidty
 
 uh uh uh uh 
 
 plenty of snuggly wuggly time
 
 its over at 8pm :P
 
 you are. :P   
 
 no not that I can see :( I thought I was gonna get snuggles
 
 I might be able to get an hour on it if bowling goes fast
 
 nothing else tonight is there?&gt;
 
 its over at 7:59
 
 so it'll be over or almost over when I'm done bowling
 
 yes yes]
 
 boo.. and its what 3 hours?
 
 starts in 2 hrs vengeful beast
 
 Loan wolf ops... what is the one tonight??
 
 k
 
 click compete
 
 yeah whatcha want
 
 tab should still be up
 
 can you get on cal of duty elite?
 
  what?
 
 yeah
 
 :D
 
 u online?
 
 Im kinda woozy. Which sucks cause I actually ate today. I think Im getting sick again like I did after billy. Yay Ill lose the rest of the weight pdq
 
 boo imma be fucking irritable and starving to death for the next two months
 
 I love you tooooo
 
 mwah love you
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt;3
 
 rofl
 
 This one stays in the cupboard WWWAAAAAAAAAYYY up high
 
 :D :P
 
 lol they put you on an opiat?
 
 new migraine meds   Tramadol
 
 kk
 
 this thursday at 930 radiology
 
 Friday 15th 0730 mental health
 
 lol okey dokey
 
 so tonight
 
 when your done with bowling
 
 can we just curl up for a while? cause after nooky i dont get curl up
 
 so maybe preemptive snuggling
 
 lol
 
 lmfao
 
 and the 'my kids are autistic' threw him for a loop'
 
 lol.. unless I bring out the big guns.. I couldn't win. rofl
 
 lol thats why your not suppost to tell them shit lol.  and hello
 
 not worse than anyone elses life
 
 im sure you couldnt even win a pity party contest
 
 because of my migraines
 
 he asked about stress and what was going on
 
 and was a little taken back on the single parent
 
 buying a house
 
 fullime job
 
 waiting ona divorce etc..
 
 ah doctor reffered you. Why in fuck? Not that its necessarily a bad idea
 
 bt its a bad idea
 
 doctor told me to go. lol
 
 someone referred you? lol
 
 soo.. imma put off going. lmao
 
 due to the stress causing factors in my life at the moment.
 
 aka... go
 
  I got 'referred'
 
 I thought you didnt want to go to 'behavioral health'
 
 wow that was a busy appointment
 
 ROFLMFAO
 
 and... referred to 'behavioral health' aka mental health. 
 
 and referred offbase to a nuerologist
 
 scheduled for a CT scan
 
 lol well I got new meds for my head. 
 
 im sick of beuing told no!
 
 took 30 fn minutes
 
 haha
 
 Rene is in timeout for the second time today. We are now at 12 minutes and counting
 
 she has yet to face the wall. 
 
 lol
 
 Ught soooo tired
 
 and out of damn smokes almost and its sad face cause we have no money till friday so I am gonna has to smoke your flaored shit and I DONT WANN :(
 
 I plan on it
 
 fun fun... make sure you bring Pokemon back wit ya
 
 thursday night I am going over to my brothers house :D 
 
 lol she got out at 857. so what.. um thirty minute time out?
 
 mmmmwah :)  so girly still in the corner? rofl
 
 what are you two? I wuv wu too lol
 
 I wuv wu...
 
 um monkey butt??
 
 LMAO   silly girl...guess what?
 
 shes gonna be in there till like fucking nine. went from five minutes to 11 and the timer barely started a minute ago. I added a min everytime she told me no lol
 
 wow. lol
 
 Rene is losing her shit. She told me NO when I told her she couldnt swipe a toy from adam...ten minutes in the corner and counting
 
 I told her time doesnt start till she shuts up and faces the wall. hasn't happened.
 
 I hope you kick ass at throwing a ball down an aisle at pieces of wood
 
 dork
 
 :D  babe  :D hehe... hopefully I do good at bowling today :D
 
 morning baby
 
 Morning :-)
 
 he never will lol
 
 what are you going to do the one time he decides to flirt back
 
 (seriously) lol
 
 Im going out with cake
 
 which means Im pretty much only gonna flirt with cake. As he is in a monogamous relationship
 
 that isnt an issue. And honey
 
 flirting was never something you could control. I love you
 
 im not going anywhere
 
 we got our issues. We need to spend a night together and figure our shit out
 
 but I m not leaving
 
 I think I may let you flirt tonight maily because we are broke
 
 but I have to be in a good mood when you leave so I dont flip because of our lack of 'closeness'
 
 our change is gone too.
 
 Imma raid the change so I can buy a soda
 
 yeah I know
 
 no mullah
 
 hopefully the WIndshield stuff comes out after the 15th
 
 and thats all of our money
 
 I can't giv eyou any $$. just letting you know. I'm tapped out already. cuz of having to give a 450$ check to Nova today
 
 :P
 
 good
 
 washed
 
 irritated hopefully gonna crash out tonight like lead balloooooons. btw going out be at pockets at 8
 
 how are the kiddos? 
 
 mwah :P
 
 lol :P
 
 yeah trying to make up for her muahs and none for me huh? Lol you cant fix shit I already bitch at you for just because I catch you doing it again :P
 
 MMWAHHHHH!!!! LLLLOOOOVVVEEEE Y YYYY YYOOOUUU!!! hehe
 
 lol
 
 well
 
 yeah we already knew you needed to make staff lol
 
 Housing allowance goes up 100$ once I make Staff
 
 so I definately need to make SSgt next year. lol
 
 oh.. $906.40 a month mortgage
 
 which includes hazard insurance and taxes
 
 kk
 
 9 grain bread
 
 granola
 
 2 baskets
 
 ordered
 
 lol
 
 hehe
 
 she better be around long enough to use it. ;)
 
 yweh
 
 yea neh
 
 bread?
 
 katets want tropical granola
 
 what extra's do you want so I can order now
 
 I'm getting 2 baskets.
 
 Tropical Granola - Ingredients: Oats
 
 honey
 
 brown sugar
 
 macadamia nuts
 
 coconut
 
 pineapple
 
 papaya. - $10\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaVeggie Lovers Pack - Asian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! An asian themed variety to help fill out the dinner table!\n(Max 5)  $8.50 eaORGANIC 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)  $12.00 eaORGANIC 100% Honey Whole Wheat Bread - 5 pack\n(Max 5)  $12.00 eaStrawberries - 8 - 1 Lb clamshells - from Mexico or California\n(Max 8)  $11.00 eaArizona Produce Basket &amp; Bread Week B   which one do you want?
 
 kk fun
 
 I start shift work on THursday again
 
 ?
 
 I thouight you were getting off early or something
 
 if I can get up there in time
 
 kk
 
 today I need to drive up there and drop off a check.
 
 and kellys isnt coming out till the 26th so thats 147.00 for the next week. when do you pay appraisal
 
 k
 
 kk i get paid friday
 
 because I dont know when its coming out. lol
 
 its even gonna be a stretch for the windshield payment
 
 we have enough to cover the appraisal thats about it
 
 oh yea.. btw.. we broke broke again
 
 yay
 
 insurance paid. 
 
 http://www.ebonmusings.org/atheism/pillows.html
 
 Black box
 
 triangle spade club rectangle etc
 
 Dude that looks so cracjed out on my phone lol
 
 \u2588I\u2588LOVE\u2588U\u2588!\u2588
 
 hehe 
 
 \u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u2588\u25bc\u2660\u2663\u25d8\u2666\u2022\u2660\u25cb\u263a\u263b\u2665\u2666\u2663\u2660\u2022\u25d8\u25cb\u2642
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt;(") PENGUIN!
 
 I love you all times
 
 I just occasionally hate you too
 
 &lt;3
 
 but I love you all times
 
 i hate you sometimes
 
 and you have....finish work
 
 pick up mikey
 
 bowl
 
 drink
 
 drink at home
 
 bed
 
 I gots to feed the babers
 
 take eli to the gate at 3:30 come back here
 
 cook dinner
 
 take a shower
 
 put kids to bed.....i still have a long ass day to go
 
 yup
 
 fb is being annoying
 
 lol
 
 yeah but 70.00 is less then the damn hats so whatever works
 
 well we have to have  money. lol so :P
 
 btw michael has decided against the anime fedora. instead he wants a 70.00 crossplay costume
 
 roflmao. if you were rich we could hire a nanny for when we go out at the same time
 
 i wish I was rich..... so I could multitask all of my interests... and that I have the time travel thingy from harry potter. lol
 
 poor baby
 
 your social life is soooo depressing
 
 UH HUH then you get out twice a week minimum still
 
 and only 2 weeks left in friday league. this week
 
 next week
 
 and then the vegas s the end of the friday league
 
 I loooooooooooooooooooove you :)  and I keep telling them I'm too busy
 
 uh no you already have three bowling leagues and are going to vegas for a week and get to shtup practically anyone you want and dont do housework and dont cook
 
 you better fucknig love me sweety not the other way around
 
 you better loove me. lol because they keep asking me to join a dart league . HAHA
 
 I wont get drunk. and Imma shoot darts at 3rd base. :-)
 
 Maybe IDK. but if you go out drinking hon you gotta stay sober enough to come home if the boys need you. Period the end
 
 no wiggle room
 
 no nada. You can get drunk at home with the boys if you want. 
 
 so she might be over before I leave for bowling. maybe. :)
 
 okey dokey. 
 
 She doesnt know shes gotta get the kids get them ready ask donavam if hes coming then head over
 
 when is she coming over?
 
 Lol well you have tobe home to get that :P
 
 I'm still tyring to give katey space to reacclimate from that shit.. and I get a hug and a kiss and a jack&amp;coke as an apology :) she said :)
 
 If you want to go out tonight..whatever. If we go after ten maybe I can get soph down for the night amd mikey will watch her. But youwould have to be on call. And thank you for assuming you could extend your night because I wouldnt want you home to hang out with us. Or posibly watch the kids after so I can go out too. :P
 
 h and if mikey is done before youhave to leave for bowling he would please like you to bring him over. I would but his pass is expired. also im making emchiladas for dinner
 
 Uh uh see the rule is you have to tell plansnot check plans....
 
 grrr...
 
 :P
 
 eli  has nothing to do with going out
 
 Uh uh I told you about eli first that counts as plans
 
 :P :P :P
 
 it doesnt count if you dont tell me about your guys's stuff without seeing if I had something :P
 
 I had plans first. I told you last week eli was spending the night so there.
 
 Its not aboutgoing out its about being angry. Kinda a tonight or never sorta thing. Can you go drinking tomorrow? And it doesnt count as plans if you dont inform me. :P
 
 do you two wanna go out saturday night maybe? I can come straight home from bowling (and that one finishes faster than friday night anyways)
 
 Mwah looooove you
 
 but I already had plans after bowling tonight. :P I was gonna go to the bar and have a couple drinks. 
 
 &lt;3
 
 okay soooooooooo eli is going to a game and then he is coming back over when he is done with the baseball or whatever the fuck it is at like eleven. Katey is coming over
 
 and currently we have plans for after you go bowling we are going to go out primal screaming out the windows in the middle of nowhere. Just thought you should know what was going on.
 
 sorry speech to text I need to enunciate
 
 Like I said
 
 belive it when I see it
 
 whatever. lol
 
 do it in person
 
 lunch plans on coming over today maybe she's just gonna
 
 I am unblocked
 
 but no message
 
 fire truck just went on base
 
 Jatey message?
 
 I didnt buy it forhothaveto later
 
 i gues... :P
 
 can I get beer? 
 
 I honestly dont even know how I spelt it that way.....I need caffination
 
 ;)
 
 guessed*
 
 see i would have gest 5452
 
 last four digits of Allens phone number
 
 5542
 
 i never remember and kinda need it
 
 pin?
 
 okay the blue one got it
 
 do you know what it looks like? its clear and blue lid
 
 I dont fucking know
 
 but the stick is upstairs...   
 
 jgrr..
 
 no duh
 
 are you at the house?
 
 pin number and what kinda deoderant you want
 
 gonna pull 60.00 for mom and necessities
 
 idk... drinks.. some of my healthy drinks
 
 my oj
 
 gateraide
 
 (after Saturday's Mt Messy Imma try to go healthy
 
 I still have weight  I wanna lose)
 
 want from store?
 
 uh no
 
 ROFLMFAO jk jk
 
 ""now bend over soI can discipline you for misbehaving""
 
 uh huh
 
 "girly I love you
 
 but that pissed me the fuck off"
 
 you can politely say she pissed you off
 
 not cool woman :P
 
 I have to be nice
 
 and I'm not in a relationship
 
 and I can't get none because she'll run? WTF
 
 i know
 
 uh huh
 
 she actually really pissed me off
 
 w/e    .... believe it when I see it. and I have to be nice dont I?
 
 she says she will message/text you later and apologize
 
 exactly lol
 
 (then she'd really believe we were dating LMFAO)  and she'd RUUUUN
 
 but its makeup sex. rofl hahah
 
 if you jump her right after you guys make up she will book it for good
 
 no sex for you
 
 roflmao
 
 well me and her and burboub &amp; coke tends to lead to more than a kiss. lol
 
 roflmao nope boubon and coke and an apology
 
 and I get a kiss and an aplogy :P
 
 and I will believe that when she unblocks me
 
 I think she feels pushed right now though so imma just let her go for now. She got my point that she should have checked
 
 she knows I checked and said you didnt. So
 
 when she turns her brain back on....
 
 ok
 
 then we are back tgo normal
 
 naw dont. She just texted me back that she loves me and cares about you and that if this didnt happen then she is just a royal mess with a temper. And she knows you dont delete anything and Rockys messages "maigcally got deleted" 
 
 I kinda wanna message rocky and ask what the fuck is going on
 
 and that I didn't say anything to him
 
 I dont know
 
 I have no clue. I told her that and she hasnt messaged me back yet so.....I have a feeling she is still half asleep
 
 so are me and her going back to normal?
 
 she said she will talk to you...she was in a mood last night
 
 and she wasnt sure since you two hate each other if you were that much of an ass or if Rocky was that manipulative. I told her that I was going to be friends with her no matter what
 
 but she couldnt be at my house if you two were in death mode. that I wasnt necessarily pissed she wasnt talking to you
 
 but that I was pissed that she wasnt talking to you because Rocky was a manipulative asshole.
 
 just uti and yeast meds
 
 she didnt want cyst meds as they are a reoccuring problem
 
 no justy got home now
 
 kkk I thought you were done :P :P
 
 Imfuckingdriving tty@home
 
 so what about katey not wanting only..something
 
 at least it was at ur mums
 
 rofl
 
 Ran outta gas at moms 482 miles. Used the gas from our trunk
 
 lol
 
 umm.. ok?
 
 28 gallins plus five equals 482 miles
 
 OMG you're confusing
 
 what?
 
  She didnt want just uti n yeast
 
 as in they can't do anything? or she can't do drugs? lol
 
 nodrugsforcyst
 
 theres a charger in the van rofl....
 
 Phone dying ttyl
 
 no ralj??????????????????????????????
 
 No ralj
 
 what are they doing about the cyst?
 
 ouch ouch
 
 and ohhh poor babe
 
 Yeast infection
 
 uti
 
 ovarian cyst
 
 when you get a second please type everything out since googkrl isn't a word and its already fucked up medical works...
 
 Yeast cyst googkrl
 
 ?  I get the UTI but what are the other two?
 
 yst uti Cyeast
 
 Car driving..  
 
 why do I feel like I'm getting ignored?
 
 hello?
 
 u there?
 
 hello?
 
 whats wrong with it?
 
 howso?
 
 ?
 
 Poor kateys ({}} is sick
 
 Almost seems like you will right now
 
 ok...  lol
 
 The two carseata are at moms incase u get off afore igetback
 
 Were sittin at mcds cooling off
 
 Yrah
 
 she at hospital yet?
 
 Hott in car
 
 ?
 
 Grr hott
 
 Getting gas from mom taking katey to uc
 
 me too
 
 Trying to get her to go to the doctors. She needs a shot of antibiotics
 
 Trying to get her to go to the doctors. She needs a shot of antibiotics
 
 I just knew she wasnt coming. Its only part the sick
 
 part she isnt ready yet
 
 she was sick yesterday
 
 I didn't think she'd come back till she was better anywas
 
 cause she is sick. But I knew yeterday just cause how she was talking
 
 why?
 
 i think kateys mad at me. I told her I knew she was gonna bail on today and that she wouldnt be coming over. 
 
 Ive been divorced for what....two years now almost and they still want a signed thing from me and mike everytime stating that he pays child support along with the child support agreement. Its fn annoying
 
 then you sign and date it and we fax it in with the other crap
 
 basically lol
 
 lol yeah
 
 so...\nTo whom it may concern
 
\nI
 
 A. Phillip Johnson
 
 play an active role in my daugthers life
 
 and provide supplies and nessecities on a needbe basis
 
 however
 
 she resides with Nikkole at all times.\nsomething liek that. lol
 
 write a letter sayind you are in sophs life
 
 you dont pay "child support" but do actively participate and buy her necessities like diapers when they are needed.
 
 wtf do I have to do?
 
 then i just drop it off at the shop and have mom fax it for me
 
 i got it all done except printing out my statements
 
 your paper you have to do
 
 imma have katey do one
 
 and then i have my divorce stuff at moms
 
 eh imma have mom fax everything
 
 but the scanner works. 
 
 grrr....
 
 no ink
 
 the printer is broken right
 
 ugh gotta get it done this week. I wont get the papers saying I need to turn shit in until next week
 
 but I just want to get it done while Im thinking about it and shit
 
 lol
 
 still will need fs but its fewer questions
 
 they wont
 
 then i end up screwed cause my kids lose insurance
 
 trust me I have tried before. This is why I want you divorced
 
 so I can marry you and say fuck the damn ahcccs. Less effort
 
 make them fucking pull the files. 
 
 yeah no and whats worse is they have like 3/4s of that on file
 
 wtf?
 
 gotta get all my divorce papers from moms
 
 gotta get you to fill out a thing
 
 gotta get mom to fill out a thing
 
 gotta write like four papers
 
 gotta print out my bank statements. Fuckers
 
 arrrrggg
 
 grrrrrr
 
 i am i am
 
 aint you the cool aunt/cousin. lol
 
 lol
 
 he wants a drink. he is crashing here tomorrow
 
 beveraging?
 
 and I have to go grocery shopping
 
 he is going to be fixing the yard/ beveraging remember
 
 eli is coming over tomorrow too
 
 we get paid
 
 you get insured
 
 i go bowling. fun fun fun
 
 lol yay for tomorrow. lol 
 
 gots to get shit done
 
 have like fifteen things I need to send into them again. Yay for tomorrow
 
 its fs and ahccss
 
 lol I didn't think foodstamps could try for cs. rofl
 
 so they dont try for child support
 
 they might call you. And I have to send in a paper saying that you see soph and buy her what she needs when she needs it etc
 
 not that im aware of
 
 I didn't think they were alllowed to.
 
 they dont have a reason to contact anyone do they?
 
 soooo cross fingers
 
 they think your name is phillip
 
 this is gonna start a shitstorm I can already see it
 
 greaaat.... fuckers.
 
 birth certificate
 
 wtf?  how did they figure out that sophia was mine?
 
 you buy diapers as "child support" cause we are still "dating"
 
 you live on base with your kids seperate from me
 
 damnit now they are asling about you i had to give them your number
 
 luis message you back yet?
 
 im still on the damn phone with him
 
 they asked lol
 
 ok lol they ask?
 
 btw i babysit for you for like free or $100.00 a month when you have money
 
 renewal
 
 why r u calling?
 
 finally got through and now Ive been on hold for fucking fifteen minutes
 
 Stupid des. Called fifteentimes
 
 circuits busy. Fuckers
 
 I think your is you see baby danger after thw texts yesterday about the carseat
 
 lol
 
 Uh nocausr he was fat andhadpencil dick
 
 Which completely ignores the tightrope and dying grandma well granmda I feel is self explanitory
 
 did you seeher sunday? Notgood
 
 me's *
 
 u wanna get boned by a stranger
 
 but the fucked up me is in the way? ;)
 
 I mean ok so you and katey got
 
 shower in the cab... Cleansing myself of your "relatinship"  k . ..the fuck was the pest controlguy naked...cattipillars on moms freezer
 
 and gila monster monsters....
 
 same with mine. lol
 
 lol
 
 So weird
 
 I keep trying to analyze my dream. It doeant work
 
 Awe poor baby
 
 :)
 
 and I dont feel special anymore
 
 her lingerie pic is on facebook... :P
 
 yup
 
 Did you take yhe garbage out?
 
 ({}) &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;vagina
 
 lol
 
 &lt;(") &lt;---PENGUIN!
 
 what?
 
 i love you too
 
 I love you.... ;)\n\nGuess what?
 
 wht?
 
 guess what?
 
 MWAH!!!!!! &lt;3 
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk
 
 I think thats it
 
 dishwasher detergent
 
 dish soap
 
 deoderant for both of us
 
 we need wipes
 
 yeah on friday
 
 friday..
 
 k on saturday?
 
 Wipes thats what else we need
 
 kk
 
 okay not really an hour but you know what i mean
 
 me and th ekids are running to moms brb in like an hour or so
 
 I hope he pulls his head out of his ass
 
 lol
 
 what  a dick weed. Really hope his wife gets child support up the ying yang
 
 yup
 
 liar face
 
 :D
 
 --------------------\nYou haven't messaged me back on Yahoo. I want my fucking car Luis
 
 there is already a stolen vehicle report
 
 which when they get the car you will lose your job
 
 Just give me my fucking car.  CALL ME NOW! 913-669-0172\n-------------------
 
 roflmao
 
 and I'm messaging him now. lol
 
 I just subscribed
 
 see if he will add me and I can search his shit before he figures it out
 
 you can't you can only subscribe to him. lol
 
 yeah I already went through his public places. Im tempted to add him
 
 roflmao
 
 lol
 
 the recruitment center is on country club
 
 opp... nm
 
 that is just where they put 'tucson. rofl
 
 one of his 'places lived' is on east broadway and S country club.
 
 lol you said one of those places was on Country club?
 
 if we had 35 bucks lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=3406976928304&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 3 cases huggies snug and dry size 1-2 all brand new
 
 2 boxes have 192 and one box has 191. Only opened boxes to get wipes
 
 we cloth diaper and don't use the diapers. Will sell together or seperate
 
 each box $35 on base no holds!\n lol
 
 kk
 
 I still have 5.88 on the card
 
 I gave them my name when they asked since he isnt going to recognize it
 
 but she said she would give hr the message that I was looking for him and would have them call me back. Either to say no way in fuck
 
 or to say ok heres his number or we are giving him yours
 
 im not sure which
 
 the receptionisht is either retarded or the worlds perkiest old woman
 
 hr is supposed to call me back
 
 it shouldnt but Ill check again right now2
 
 imma get some after work
 
 and if it declines your car
 
 Imma smmack you :P
 
 yup
 
 you sooo owe me smokes
 
 just say you were looking for an employee that recently started working for the company
 
 give his name
 
  and the ex thing would work lol
 
 Ill freak
 
 but I dont think I could do on the phone
 
  the only thing I can think of is playing ex wife looking for if hell be in the office today so that I can try to give him his stuff
 
 fake what? I have no idea who to be
 
 you should call HR lol you can be fake better than me ;)
 
 according to his face book he is a direct service provider
 
 so that means he will probably be out in the feild
 
 kk found all the addresses or approx addresses I can find\nOne somewhere around Desert cove apartments\n\t1201 North Alvernon Way  Tucson
 
 AZ 85712\none somewhere on e 45th st so thats kinda out so much\n\nRecruitment &amp; Training MAP\n2828 N. Country Club Rd\nSuite 100\nTucson
 
 AZ 85716\n\nCounseling &amp; Consulting Services MAP\n2430 E. 6th Street\nTucson
 
 AZ 85719
 
 muah pretty please shoppette smokes if you get the chance at lunch
 
 otherwise please after work
 
 well off to try and get my car. Mwah
 
 lunch or whatever
 
 on my way?
 
 ?
 
 I still have like 5.88 on there cause the gas didt come all the way out yet. Yes that means it will go negative when it does but I DONT CARE
 
 you should totally buy me smokes at the shoppette with my card on your way
 
 that is all
 
 it will be my katey or a spare bedroom for my katey
 
 ;east katey had fs and helped
 
 they will be a payout
 
 yeah anyone you move in wont be money
 
 i want money....
 
 its katey or no one right now
 
 I dont want to move someone in
 
 if we move someone in 2 at the most kids
 
   preferrably 1
 
 I dont even care about the kids
 
 she annoys me
 
 we can't do three more
 
 but thats too many kids..
 
 NO
 
 we could always move katrina down. lol
 
 have fun walking bitch
 
 I just want to message him on fb after you get the car and be like bwahahahaha
 
 I'm demented I know. :P
 
 lol make sure we get the right spelling since they are both louis/luis roflmfao (ohhh the irony)\nif he was still with his wife
 
 i'd buy and fuck her to get back at him for being an idiot. but.. he already left her.. LMFAO
 
 and fuck over luis
 
 just want the fucking thing so I cans have mulah
 
 yeah
 
 I might try during lunch now... drive to area52 and see if louis can drive me up there
 
 I know..          I'm going to take louis up there to get it after I drop rene off
 
 and hopefuly its tere...
 
 I just want the fucking car back so we can catch up on the damn bills
 
 wait... nm I cant reenlist till at least the 20th
 
 but I reenlist on like the 12th (hopefully)
 
 (i'mnot budgeting in the 3K for the car if you can tell. rofl)
 
 I'll catch up on the rest on the 15th
 
 and Imma take like 200 with me to vegas
 
 maybe 300 if I can swing it
 
 the paycheck  isn't gonna cover all the bills
 
 but Imma pay insurance
 
 internet
 
 capital one
 
 and gas and thats it.
 
 well hopefully this month ill get my shit straight so I can actually buy my smokes
 
 yeah
 
 Its a different atmosphere than the Vegas league
 
 and I'm not really drinking on the staurday league
 
 over
 
 one league is almost oer
 
 workin on it
 
 stop spending so much then
 
 ok
 
 I want more money
 
 we already said that like two days ago
 
 everything in this discussion is money
 
 ok
 
 and that means that the loan will be paid off in like 2.5 years instead of 5
 
 but what does that have to do with renting out the den?
 
 ok...
 
 we have an extra 40$ a paycheck staqrting in July. lol
 
 glad you fixed the tsp but the fuck does that have to do anything
 
 :)
 
 I dropped the TSP contribution down to 1% instead of 10%  and upped my loan repayment from 113$ to 250$ a month (which we wont notice because it balances with the TSP lowering) and we will still have an extra like 80$ a month because I was taking out 226$ for tsp and 150 out of 226 leaves 76$ extra
 
 yea.. but catching up is only on the first part of my plan
 
 If we could just catch up on the bills so we arent behind we would be fine
 
 if I could rent a room for like 50-100$ a month that would help :) lol
 
 whatever but the point bieng I d rather have a guest room then have one of your fucked up ks people
 
 I knowshe flip flops so who the hell knows
 
 lol 
 
 about 10 minutes ago
 
 she told me shehas figured it out
 
 shes still figuring it out
 
 she said she doesnt know
 
 wel katey jipped out
 
 so that kills that
 
 and I do not want a stranger or dumbass with the kids
 
 you pick dumbasses
 
 it hasnt gone so well with the people you want to move in
 
 no
 
 I think imma find someone to rent the den from us. lol  since Kateys not coming back. do the whole move someone in with us and have them actually pay rent once they get a job
 
 other then gas lol
 
 yeppers
 
 and I think the rest is pretty much fs
 
 so carton of smokes
 
 dishsoap
 
 deodarant
 
 dishwasher soap
 
 
 
 and hopefully we can get the car back and seelll it
 
 the rest should be fs
 
 yeah no well we need like dish soap etc
 
 and if we can afford it a carton of smokes with the fourty of mine you spent on bowling
 
 because we owe lots of bills
 
 
 
 and just noticed we will be super broke. lol due to the loan repayment coming out
 
 etc.... soo we need to get everything we need on friday or saturday so I can pay bills with the rest
 
 no clue
 
 why isnt it friday? This no caffination
 
 no smokes is making me mean
 
 cupcake
 
 honey dearest
 
 hi my darling
 
 hey lovely :)
 
 s
 
 youve been at work like ten minute
 
 ooookkk
 
 Imma swing by and pick them up now
 
 I'm on my way to finance
 
 its a fucking day
 
 thank you.... 
 
 they were in the rocks
 
 found em
 
 its a whole ting
 
 and my taste buds hate my brains and lungs
 
 and my brain hates my lungs for being a pussy
 
 cause my lungs hate me
 
 uh huh ggrrrrr still
 
 with a quarter
 
 like I told you
 
 water
 
 you stopped at the shopette. Grrrrrrrrr now im annoyed with you. I just hacked up a lung cause I cant smoke those fn cigars and you got breakfast or energy drink or something &gt;:( grrrrr
 
 they weren't in the cadi when I got to work so the only option is the shopette. going to check now. 
 
 only other option is on the ground somewhere between the caddi and where you are sitting now
 
 they arent in the driveway so
 
 and you grabbed them then walked out the door
 
 I know..
 
 I watched you grab them when you grabbed your phone and your keys
 
 not in pockets
 
 they have to be in the caddi or in your pockets or something
 
 I dont see them in the kitchen earlier
 
 idk not in the driveway
 
 I looked
 
 they are probably in the caddi
 
 you took them with ou
 
 um not that ive seen
 
 they weren't in my pocket. and thats where I remember putting them
 
 are the stationwagon keys tehre?
 
 no
 
 he'll always tell me no
 
 so you txt him. :P:)
 
 i do0nt know you can ask
 
 ahh... sooo is he letting you borrowrockband? :) lol
 
 pokemon snaps etc
 
 ur stuff?
 
 ?
 
 Oh and kris said that if you get a chance and swing by his place after your done with your errands he has my stuff
 
 I mean why not
 
 roflmao might as well
 
 well she read it
 
 then blocked me
 
 but not before I got her emails writen down. lol... I sent her a nasty email
 
 and I think Immma have my sister spread shit about her fucking people out of money around the LV KC and Lawrence area
 
 and give Tiffany permission to 'collect' my debt. lol
 
 lol
 
 MAking saindr\tbe naked. Pood more chonies
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 roflmao dork
 
 messaged Angela from one of my side accounts
 
 telling her it was me and that I wanted my $$ lol \nshould be good for a laugh. rofl
 
 you bitch you cant find it then leave it baaaad places
 
 moved adams paper to infront of the moniter. It was on the floor again cause you left it on the damn couch
 
 but I honestly doubt youll be able to make it to the courthouse. They are doing construction downtown
 
 lots of detours and you dont know downtown well enough to finagle around it quickly
 
 then just take aviation home
 
 then back on broadway to downtown
 
 you can take alvernon to the popo
 
 then alvernon to broadway
 
 broadway to 1010 e 10th st
 
 why do I have to figure it out. The closest to here is popo
 
 then 1010
 
 courthouse. but they all close at 5 except 1010 which closes at 4:45
 
 mwah lov eyou
 
 I will be back on later. 
 
 1010
 
 popo
 
 courthouse
 
 anyways... figure out which place I have to stop first on my way through those three
 
 same diff
 
 fine 22.8 miles
 
 so its closer to like 20 miles. lol
 
 umm... its                   3.50
 
 thats what 26 miles minimum
 
 2.6 gallions
 
 lol I would think eight bucks would be enough 8/3 ]
 
 10 is pushin it. lol
 
 you know 8$ in the cadi wont do shit. lol
 
 put eight bucks in the caddi and get a six pack of eggs lol
 
 or if she does they are like thirty years old
 
 she never does
 
 i dont think she has eggs
 
 lol
 
 and cauliflower
 
 go steal like 3 eggs from your mums. lol
 
 we hae mozzerella and parmesian
 
 yeah no eggs
 
 because we could hav emade that tonight. 
 
 too bad we are out of eggs. lol
 
 that way sissy will eat it and get her veggie for the day. lol
 
 tada
 
 ten bucks on my card for gas
 
 and I dont do thin crust
 
 let alone cauliflower thin crust. Ill make it for you and the kids though
 
 I can ask again. lol
 
 I dont think they will take Kansas paperwork
 
 8 am till 5 pm. Why are you going to the courthouse?
 
 if Imma be downtown I might as well fucking do it all
 
 how long is the courthouse opened? 
 
 but the coppers are kinda on the way
 
 http://www.pinchingyourpennies.com/2012/05/cauliflower-for-the-pickiest-eaters-yep/
 
 okay so 1010 is open till 4:45
 
 the coppers till 5
 
 I do not want cauliflower pizza blech
 
 yucky
 
 homemade pizza lol
 
 i hate cauliflower and we have two heads
 
 1100 s alvernon way 85711\nopen from 8-5
 
 LIMITED QUANTITY - 1 case of Cauliflower - Approximately 22 Lb - Cauliflower is so versatile and nutritious while being delicate in flavor and a supercharged member of the brassica family.  Par boil and freeze
 
 steam with cheese
 
 roast with Parmesan
 
 make into mashed "potatoes"
 
 use egg with the "mashed potatoes" to turn into carb free thin crust for pizza (mix with egg and spread on pizza pan
 
 cook a couple minutes until firm then add sauce and toppings.  \n\nlol
 
 and what time does the popo station close?
 
 found it. 1010 closes at 4:45 it looks like
 
 see now why doesnt the school district have this informaion
 
 open from 8-5
 
 1100 s alvernon way 85711
 
 I would go with at least until four
 
 i cant figure out its hours. Stupid shit isnt on the tusd websit for some reason. 
 
 kk  well get me the address... what time does the 1010 place close?
 
 so at least that will shrink down the gas
 
 theres a police station on the way to 10 10
 
 we have no $$'s at all. so we'll prolly need it since the police station and the school place are on opposite sides of town
 
 should I? Or are we good? cause I dont want to steal money from grama through her if we dont has to
 
 i can see if I can borrow twenty from mom if we need to
 
 the van is like at 298
 
 yup
 
 and I'll have to take the van. the cadi is on E
 
 and 1010. 
 
 oh today you need to go to the coppers
 
 which actually all we need is to steal a bike from moms and buy a fifty dollar trainer from the shop to hook it up too but...no money till like august :( 
 
 lol
 
 we need to own an eliptical machine
 
 or a tredmill
 
 or a stationary bike. I feel like working up a sweat and there are just too many kids to go for a walk with
 
 :P
 
 awwwweee
 
 I wuv wu too lil boy
 
 i wuv wu
 
 Muah lovey you
 
 mwah
 
 Katey says "HIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHI!!"
 
 &lt;3
 
 duh
 
 no mreplace the inside dork
 
 ok.. then we replace it with the same thing :P
 
 all ur fancy spice are dead and yucky
 
 replace minced onion with powerdered garlic... the tops of the containers are labeled. :P
 
 ?
 
 grr... they are labele for a reason :P :P :P
 
 Katey and I decided to replace the minced onion and garlic powder. So now the house smells like garlic and onion. And is hot because we had to open the doors and window s because the smell was sooooo strong
 
 lol
 
 thought Id let you know
 
 Apparently donavan is crashing here tonight
 
 tard
 
 rOFLMAO
 
 a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar..... the athiest ducks. :P HAHA.
 
 sent to james
 
 he gets its wrong but fucking does it cause god hes like my brothers and GROSS EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWW
 
 but seriously
 
 and then the whole wtf? WHY? because billy hit me! Are you allowed to pee in your room? adam goes NO
 
 are you allowed to pee on people? adam says No. Where are you supposed to pee? The potty. Then WHY IN FUCK DID YOU PISS ON BILLY IN YOUR FUCKING ROOM? Then there was hysteria so I sent him to the corner and walked away
 
 Dude not funny
 
 GROSS
 
 its a weapon
 
 I can't help but laugh
 
 apparently thats his new get back
 
 lmfao
 
 all over his underwear and back
 
 Billy hit him
 
 so when billy turned away he peed down billy
 
 Your son just actually pissed on billys underwear. 
 
 lol 
 
 that would have been awkward.
 
 even if she had wanted to I would have moved her bodily into the car. If she had wanted sex they would have had to do it while I sat at the damn smoke pit waiting for them to finish to take her home
 
 yeah I laughed
 
 it was cute he was like "i could drive you home"...um no
 
 katey did have a funny comment
 
 (he wanted me to stay longer and I was like.. uhhhhh nope)
 
 roflmao Unlike your ex
 
 im a grown woman
 
 not an easily distracted twelve year old girl
 
 i wanna smack you
 
 tie you up
 
 snugle
 
 and keep you chained to the house for a month to make sure you dont fall back towards that black hole
 
 lol
 
 uh huh
 
 Im sure you feel something slightly similar
 
 i didn't dooooo it :P
 
 want you home so I can smack the shit out of you then snuggle 
 
 lol
 
 love you dork face
 
 \u2588X\u2588x\u2588X\u2588  Mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 dont ask me why its wearing a ? hat. Cause Im not sure
 
 :P
 
 ?:P
 
 I know "you" better then you and "you" and ""you"" think I do
 
 no you probably will
 
 but you konw I wont say whatever your head 'thinks' I said. lol MWAH
 
 cause then it will make more sense that im angry cause maybe you will say half the shit thats in my head that "you" said
 
 so you might as well have a real one
 
 you can go right on ahead and have one. I dont care
 
 you already had one in my head
 
 you said some pretty stupid shit too
 
 MWAH! Love you through the meltdown
 
 even though I didn't really get to have mine. :P mwah!  :) Love you
 
 &lt;3
 
 cause then I owuld be all   n8nn
 
 I wish there was a lfuck you finger emoticon 
 
 mwah
 
 looooooooove you
 
 MWAH!  
 
 I love you too
 
 Im just ugh pissed im annoyed im angry. Im not her and you know its aggravating enough to be invisible
 
 then on top of being invisible I have all these damned rules while you have 2 dont fuck marissa and tell me when you do shit. Its grating. Fuck you . muah
 
 I'm sorry that I got pissed
 
 but you konw why I got pissed
 
 aside from dispising the dorms
 
... well I hate them. I understand that I can't force you to do or not do anything. BUt I will always be ridiculously pissed for you 'chillin' at the dorms  I'm sorry. :P I love you. Mwah  mwah mwayh mwah  and I'm not going anywhere
 
 i can go anywhere do anything that I damn well please and neither katey nor you have any control over that. I am a fucking grown woman. I can do what I damn well please
 
 fuck I can go rob a fucking bank if I want to . your all stupid fucking ass face retards
 
 that is all
 
 grrr to both of you. Both of you can now officially kiss my big fat ass
 
 and... I'm more of her type than he is. ROFLMAO 
 
 and Katey said you aint going to the dorms no more
 
 I'm not going anywhere
 
 but you already knew I was gonna be pissed
 
 love you 
 
 im in a mood
 
 im scared shitless about us/i know everything will be fine. I dont know how to explain it. I want like 24/7 reassurance that ya still love me. I mma blame pregnancy hormones and stress even though its probably just my crazy :P
 
 awe  so proud of you for figuring out how to do that &lt;3 dork
 
 hehe funnies --&gt;   \xef  \xb1 \xa7  \u221e \xf1
 
 still more money than we have.
 
 I love you too. I love you mucho mucho grande.
 
 Military deally things\n
 
 todl you didnt I? :P Mwah love you
 
 lol this song is fucking weird and awesome. 
 
 sent you an autism screening email I got
 
 Ludo\n love me dead  YOU WILL LOOOOVE THIS SONG
 
 what timeish you taking lunch?
 
 :D we tend to forget you dont speak fake sentences. :D
 
 ahh..
 
 she has gas money
 
 it was in her smokes. She just needs to get a pass and she is afraid her car wont make it all the way to the circle k and she cant shoppette without you till she gets her dependants id back
 
 and we dont  have any more that I'm aware of
 
 katey asked if I could take her to get gas and a pass. 
 
 why?
 
 your twenty bucks thats it
 
 I borrowed twenty from mom last night
 
 do we have any money?
 
 Yeah lol. Shes getting him so he can see the kids etc then going to baby bros graduation. 
 
 that should be interesting. lol
 
 Katey might be gone before you take lunch. Shes apposed to pick up rocky  at 12:30
 
 see extra
 
 the joke i dont just love you "4eva" i love you 5 eva
 
 I love you too
 
 5 eva?
 
 i love you 5eva btw
 
 No
 
 I didnt. I was like yeah we can do that I saw the reasoning behind it. Then as we were driving out there I was like OH FUCK. But wed already said we would go so I called you. At that point then it became "Crap Phillips gonna be pissed. Fuck Ill call him. Shit hes pissed. Fuck it. Im a grown woman I do what I want. Sort of. Fuck. Im so gonna have to deal with this tomorrow. Fuck it
 
 Im out Katey wants to meet him
 
 he amuses me. im 25 fucking years old. I do what I want. Fuck" Im pretty sure thats a direct quote from my brain
 
 it just feels lke last night you did it on purpose. (oh this'll piss him off)
 
 Okay
 
 Well
 
 from now on we will attempt to avoid the dorms okay? Im not saying I will never go to the dorms again because I dont know what will happen in the future
 
 but I will avoid them as much as possible. Okay?
 
 you losing it occasionally doesnt bother me
 
 I dont care tat you lost your shit
 
 and am mildly annoyed about bowling
 
 its the dorms. I didnt'like the dorms before marissa's shit
 
 I hated the dorms for the 5 months in texas I was there in techschool
 
 I know what happens in dorms
 
 I know how the security
 
 monitoring works and it sucks
 
  you can do anything you want there and no on really ever cares.. Its the dorms
 
 I love you too
 
 and I know your mad at me. Im okay with that. I knew you were going to be mad
 
 and yes I did it anyway. I already told you that when I wnat to do something I will do it
 
 I will tell you
 
 talk to you about it
 
 but I will do it. And I know how you feel about the dorms and I was prepared for you to be mad yes. You arent going to drive me away. Am I annoyed
 
 Yes
 
 I am fucking annoyed. Because whatever you say
 
 if it werent for Marissa
 
 the dorms would probably be just a mild annoyance for you instead of a PISS ALL. and I get tired of getting punished for
 
 or having to deal with rules
 
 that are directly related to her. I know you say that you know I am not her
 
 but I swear it doesnt feel like it. I wish I could say that Im sorry that I guilted you last night
 
 but I am not. At the time I was seriously going to lose it
 
 I know I shouldnt have threatened to go sleep at my moms house last night
 
 but I was there. I get so stressed sometimes being home with the kids twenty four seven. Especially in this tiny house
 
 and sometimes I just cant cope. Im sorry it interuppted your bowling
 
 but that just happened to be the day I snapped. And Ive snapped on bowling days before and let you go bowling anyway
 
 on the upside you know you probably have another six months before I lose my shit like that again
 
 Mwah love you
 
 I dont know
 
 I dont fucking like dorms
 
 period. you knew that
 
 she didn't 
 
 and you knew before you went over there I was going to be pissed. you guilt tripped the fuck out of me   from bowling to end up hanging out in the one place I dispise (no it was't planned didn't say it was) but its one of those du dr dr moments isnt' it?   I can't be mad at katey because she didn't know and she's not mine and I dont want to drive her away by it appearing that I'm trying to control her. I dont want to drive you away either
 
 but you already knew I was going to be pissed. if he got up off his ass and met you at a bar
 
 I prolly wouldn't ahve cared
 
 it just the fucking dorms
 
 rofl yeah. So you mad at Katey hon? Or just me?
 
 oh well... sucks to be him
 
 the only people that I dont mind living inthe dorms are people in Korea
 
 because of space they require you to
 
 katey is worried I thinkthat you are mad at her since you didnt tell her good bye. He just got out of tech lol 
 
 and he lives in the dorms so I have no respect
 
 I think that they joined the military
 
 time to grow up. not prolong the college environment for another 3-4 years..
 
 do I think 21 plus should live off base...oh yeah
 
 not so good
 
 boom homeless 17 and 18 year olds
 
 go fetch get apartment pay bills crazy child enjoy
 
 what else are they gonna do with them? Some of them actually are kids
 
 lol your cute. Especially as Im pretty sure this particular kid is older then me
 
 giving a bunch of kids a steady paycheck and no bills is never a good idea
 
 aint that the truth... you are speeeeeeeeccial... but I can't trust them or anything around them
 
 its a fucking plague
 
 and should be demolished. 
 
 I dont care if you dont trust them
 
 just trust me. I speeeeeccial :D
 
 lol moving in with you when i first met you....statistically dumb
 
 and how am I a dumb thing? :P
 
 I can't trust anyone around dorms
 
 I'm just not there
 
 and I doubt I ever will be
 
 My professional advice to any person in the military is get outof the dorms. 
 
 and I dont ask you to
 
 i just want you to trust that im adult enough to be past dorm parties and stupid shit. your the dumnest thing Ive done in a long time :P
 
 Never said you were marissa
 
 but the dorms are what they are
 
 a college like environment that doesnt really adhere to any rules or regulations
 
 and that is what they shall always be so it doesnt matter..\nI'm not going anywhere either hun
 
 I love you
 
 but I dont do dorms.
 
 I remember honey. I love you you know
 
 and Im never going to fund a dorm party
 
 date a dorm rat (you wont let me date anyway)
 
 nor leave. Pay close attention to this honey I AM NOT MARISSA. Never will be
 
 Love you mucho grande
 
 remember I'm going to the Autism thing tonight with the kids
 
 ^grrr.
 
 Katey just told me you think your going bowling tonight. Yeah NO. That is sooo not going to happen. Jay has been losing it
 
 Adam is losing it
 
 Rene has been a weepy butt and Soph has done nothing but cry all damn day because she pissed cause I cant make enough milk because Im dehydrated. Me and Katey are getting out tonight even if its only to walk around Target for a fucking hour
 
 Gonna shoot all the kids
 
 yup yup
 
  Eh either way not so good. I highly doubt hes all better when he was still nutso sunday
 
 or .. the conned them out
 
 damn VA going 'not crazy no ptsd' prolly
 
 Steves getting out of the hospital. I guess they transfered him to yhe va and they let him go already....this seems bad to me
 
 okey dokey..
 
 Thursday I go out.... Dont think to kareoke that would be this sat but your bowling and katey will be gone fora week starting tomorrow afternoon/evening
 
 so.. thursday?  kareoke?
 
 lmao
 
 They won. It was sappy. Poor guy running lympics
 
 he tore his hamstring
 
 sad enough. He gets up to limp to the finish line
 
 almost sad enough for me to cry
 
 his Fucking dad pushes past security
 
 hops the damn wall and walks with his son to the fucking finish line. God damn bastards!
 
 lol
 
 it warned me that I would cry so I had to watch it to prove that I wouldnt. Fuckers
 
 then stop watching them. :P
 
 stupid "inspirational videos"
 
 The internet made me cry again
 
 lol. Yeah your cute blah blah blahdiddy blah
 
 okey dokey
 
 I jsut saw it. so I was letting you konw. :)
 
 she could get a new washer for like 100.00 if shw found one t good will but I dont think she even has that much left
 
 yeah but I doubt she has two hundred
 
 Ur mum stil looking for a washer/dryer?
 
 washer and dyer set for sale $200 not very old and still works perfectly message me if interested\n
 
 I'm definately not dehydrated but I feel more like shit now than I did this morning
 
 Not really
 
 feeling slightly better with a little more fluid in me. My headache is diminished
 
 but still feeling like shit
 
 i still feel like poooooo... you feelin any better?
 
 love you too
 
 I'm working on it. 
 
 Mwah!  love you :)  
 
 um havent been able to do it yet
 
 I cna too.. when I'm not sick .:P
 
 roflmao maybe hell i want a bf but your all NOOOOO obsessive demanding paranoid shit which is stupid. And you cant keep up with two girls emotionally so I gotta find someone to fill in the blanks
 
 soo... you getting a gf?  thats what katey said. :P lol
 
 I am sorry u's feels back and is cleanin
 
 you feel like poo for a couple days
 
 mine hits all at oncee. :P
 
 u aint as sick as me. :P
 
 we get sick
 
 mop floors
 
 sweep floors
 
 do dishes
 
 feed kids etc etc etc
 
  you get sick
 
 sleep all day
 
 love you too pansy ass
 
 looooove you
 
 muah
 
 Mwah
 
 :P
 
 no
 
 u could make ur mumm buy it. lol hehehe
 
 lol
 
 why you senmding we has no mulh
 
 Fresh Herb Pack - Hoping for - Basil
 
 Chives
 
 Cilantro
 
 Dill
 
 Mint
 
 Oregano
 
 Parsley
 
 Rosemary
 
 Sage
 
 Tarragon
 
 Thyme
 
 Garlic\n(Max 5)  $12.00 ea
 
 oh darn... :P
 
 cause your the devil. Ill either feel better tomorrow
 
 or not move
 
 now your not. lol
 
 lol Mine was uhhmm you're sick now
 
 I probably wont get much worse so long as I sleep tonight
 
 Ive been sick for two weeks fighting it off
 
 I will not
 
 we shall see.. guess it depends on if you get as bad as I did
 
 if im just yucky im staying home anyways
 
 so long as Im not crazy sick tomorrow yeah
 
 will you be ok with the three kiddos?
 
 I dont wanna know what I lost. 
 
 i weighed myself. I lost six pounds last night.
 
 Right now Im too sick to do anything
 
 but I was thinking about going to my brothers graduation. If I feel well enough Ill just go in the van and you can take adam and saundra in the caddi
 
 I guess you are going to that
 
 EFMP (exceptional family member program) is having a thing I can take the kids to tomorrow and they will have an autism person there. \n--------------------------------\n\nThis is a friendly reminder that our next EFMP family event is a potluck scheduled for Wednesday
 
 23 May at 5:30 PM.  We will be meeting in the Desert Dove Chapel annex.  This a great time to enjoy good food and terrific company!  I know it\u2019s a busy week
 
 but I hope to see you there.  Feel free to invite a friend
 
 co-worker  or neighbor; the more the merrier.  RSVPs are not required
 
 but if you know you\u2019re coming
 
 please let me know.  I\u2019m trying to get a good head count so we have enough drinks.\n\n \n\nAs an added bonus
 
 Mary Stevenson from the Autism Society will be here to talk about their programs.  I will be on hand to answer questions about the sports camp and the upcoming AF respite program.\n
 
 ty what are we doing tomorrow night at lke 530pm?
 
 5204955643
 
 whatsthe house number?
 
 ur email didn't come through.
 
 i could just start kenneling you up at night
 
 whatever then 10 packs :P
 
 no. lol not that I'm aware of. Ive only seen the packs sold in the plastic dispensors in the shopette so I haven't seen 'cartons' :P
 
 :P
 
 packs come in cartons
 
 she buys the packs
 
 yes you can
 
 :P
 
 you can't buy cartons of B&amp;M's
 
 and before you start
 
 two cartons not two packs :P
 
 cause its 294 - 150 for phone and kelly
 
 I have no money right now. And we have already figured that the money I am not spending on bills is going to be just enough to buy us each two packs a month
 
 not until next week lol
 
 uve got ur 97$ or whatnot
 
 and we have no money
 
 lol yeah like that would work
 
 you have bowling
 
 I was going to send you both out the bar when I got home but :P katey had to ruin the surprise. :P
 
 rofl    
 
 yep no new vagina for you tonight
 
 ohh... :'(
 
 she spending the night there
 
 Katey is going to her moms tonight
 
 :P muah
 
 meeting... tty in a bit. Mwah
 
 ________________
 
 Migrains- June 5th Tue 1200
 
 Shins- May 24th THur 1410
 
 fuck if i know
 
 883?
 
 2-22+3010*9/37=
 
 I loooooooooooooooooooovvvveee you
 
 I'm leavin now. Mah love you
 
 and idk.....   meat
 
 mayo
 
 cheese
 
 and you can even reuse the water just rinse out the top of the hookah where the tobacco is
 
 you ;) hehe
 
 :D
 
 but I will make you a sammich dear
 
 what would you like on it?
 
 lol I am not cleaning out your fucking hookah
 
 pwease :D
 
 soo... you should make me a sammich and make me a bowl of hookah :D
 
 I only used a little
 
 the bracelet and necklace are the same piece
 
 lol I can too
 
 yu can't bitch when we run out of alumnum foil again. :P
 
 pretty much 
 
 looks like its Carton time at the commisary
 
 okey dokey . thats about enough $$ for you two to have smokes. rofl
 
 so that leaves us with 97.00
 
 I need to pay at least 50.00 on tmobile
 
 I get 147.00 next friday
 
 so i cancelled my kelly payment for this month again. We definitely HAVE to pay him next month
 
 yay
 
 paid 102 on Safe Auto. (the required payment to get it reinstated. lol because it cancelled on the 16th. but we have it again)
 
 that your basically disappearing for a month. Yeah it does sound horrible
 
 but you already had the vegas trip planned
 
 and the other shit is work. Soooooo
 
 im dealing with it. I just want to fill in the calander so I have some idea visually as to how horrendous next month is going to be. You need to get katey a pass before next wednesday. We are mother fucking going out if we have to rob a homeless man because that is probably the only chance we will get for a while
 
 that sounds horrible you konw?
 
 okay. And you will be gone then gone again a week later for vegas. Any other times you arent gonna be home? I want to get it planned out
 
 because there are only like 11 weeks left in the tuesday league thing
 
 and then Saturday
 
 and tue sat
 
 tue fri Sat until like mid june at the latest
 
 then it cuts down to tuesdays and saturdays then just to tuesdays?
 
 Okay so tuesday saturday and friday you will be going out the next month or so
 
 muah
 
 :P mwah :P
 
 OKAY
 
 once I figure out how. lol
 
 and.. I need to pay insurance today.
 
 and 400 comes out of the 1st so I can get the appraisal
 
 ok
 
 I paid VS and Capital One
 
 we can wait on STAR because I didn't think about it before I got gas
 
 kk
 
 k. i need to pay the cox bill today
 
 and we will just budget my 290.00 50.00 for kelly
 
 50.00 per for the phone bill leaves 140.00 for me n katey
 
 it only worked for like 2 months
 
 I got used to is
 
 it didn't work in England. 
 
 we could buy st johns wart
 
 over the counter vitamin
 
 but I dont want to start that kind of drama in the AF yet
 
 and I've just been off. Off to the point of me contimplating going and getting put on some sort of stabalizer
 
 I'm really flipping out about money currently so that doesnt help matters
 
 i love you too
 
 Mwah I love you. and I'm working on it. 
 
 Ok. 
 
 Yes I need to get out of the house more
 
 but I also need you to just aknowledge when im stressed and tired. Take the kids for a minute
 
 hold me
 
 anything. Not just awe you feel bad then walk away
 
 I do care
 
 I'm just an idiot. I'm sorry (i know I say that too much) and I need to work on it. so I'm doing bowling and thats it
 
 hopefully get you and katey out of the house more for you two to de-stress
 
 Hon I was abandoned. You knew I was stressed and not feeling well
 
 and you left and stayed out later then you had to. When you dont feel well or you are stressed I keep taking care of the kids by myself and let you play video games or do whatever to calm down and feel better. When your sick I send you to your room and watch the kids and bring you gatorade. Last night
 
 you left to do something that needed to be done then dragged it out because I dont know you didnt want to come home and deal with me being upset and the kids being sick. Either that or you just didnt think a damn thing about me and how I was doing. Either way
 
 I was fucking abandoned. That hurts like a bitch
 
 it makes me feel like you honestly dont give a fuck about me. 
 
 I lov eyou
 
 I dont know. All I can think of was that you felt abandoned. and I dont want that you to feel that way hun.
 
 not why it hurt
 
 no thats what you did
 
 You're pissed off because the kids were sick
 
 you didn't feel good katey didn't feel good and I wasn't home
 
 and instead of hurrying and not sticking around for poker
 
 I  stayed
 
 and I shouldn't have.
 
 When you can tell my why I am upset
 
 not what you did
 
 but WHY it pissed me off/hurt me. Then I will stop.\nLove you darling
 
 Fuck off
 
 MWAH!   soo... u going to WIC soon?
 
 screw the motrin im getting it now
 
 I might have to take billy to the er and we are out of milk
 
 Bring home formula
 
 :P
 
 see this is the part that always makes me not jealous really
 
 just more "god our relationship needs some spice cause we are getting too comfortable" you text katey about nudity and naked pictures etc
 
 and I get... Im paying the bills
 
 okay
 
 have to do the coxbill when I get home
 
 VS and CapitalOne  paid
 
 im the mean one in our relationship
 
 :D
 
 its true
 
 he can just fuck off
 
 you have to read a couple down. theres been a couple. lol
 
 new email
 
 sure want katey nakie pics :P
 
 kk
 
 if he doesnt feel better tomorrow i have to take him in
 
 poor baby is so hot
 
 okey dokey
 
 childrens motrin on your way home
 
 muah 
 
 mwah
 
 Weird I know but I miss u 
 
 I hate sick adam. Hes worse then the rest put together
 
 Saundra is. The minute her tummy started hurting she wanted to go to bed. Billy is on my lap and adam is pouting on the couch cause I wont let him get uo and play.
 
 they sleepin?
 
 and saundra and adam are down for the count
 
 so im messaging brother today to tell him I wont be able to make it cause god knows your gonna be a cranky ass from the travel. I wear a 9.5 to an 11. 9 usually for the thicker looking shoes 11 for the fancy dress shoes that look too narrow for a barbie
 
 I dont know what size ya'll wear. :P
 
 :( size 8.5
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=450770321603440&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 please is it home time yet?
 
 he would end up borrowing 20 here 40 there etc.... and owe a shit ton of people money
 
 piece of shit
 
 grr proof he is fucking around if he can suddenly come up with a payment on the damn 25th
 
 kk
 
 new email
 
 kk
 
 screaming babiers
 
 see you later
 
 my moms whole family is blocked
 
 actually about fifty percent of my friends list is...
 
 I'll tell you more when I get home
 
 my mom doesnt count cause she doesnt care and linds isnt on my fb
 
 :D
 
 and ur mum
 
 and links
 
 and and and and
 
 is deleted now
 
 but okay okay paranoia man
 
 and brother
 
 just barb
 
 not really
 
 also blocked from idk...everyone. But you be paranoid and ill listen for no reason other then why the fuck not. Love you too
 
 but... people you know
 
 know who flup is
 
 know my job
 
 etc.. etc.. etc..
 
 MWAH!  loooooove you :)
 
 your a dork
 
 yeah there werent any dates
 
 werent any idea that it was military and not just you leaving
 
 im never specific about anything but okay whatever floats your boat. Hell I dont even use your actual name on anthing anymore
 
 but military travel plans aren't supposed to be widespread 
 
 I am paranoid
 
 I know
 
 lol
 
 journalize me stuff on a notepad or something on the computer
 
 okay ill kill it
 
 cause im a nerd
 
 could you kill it please? 
 
 i use fb as personal journal
 
 Yes I could see it.
 
 sometimes it glitches
 
 could you see it? 
 
 I didnt post that for anyone but me lol 
 
 you took down the leaving for a week one?
 
 what comment am I deleting? The one where my dick is at work?
 
 huh?
 
 :/
 
 :?
 
 :P
 
 grrrrr delete the comment
 
 he is soo sick
 
 he just shit and puked at the same time
 
 poor bubba
 
 kk
 
 btw... mwah... 
 
 so I'll let you konw after I drop rene off when I need to be pickedu p
 
 lol thats how it works
 
 he was not happy to know that a luis was fucking me out of money ROFLMFAO
 
 btw his name is Louis  lol
 
 lol   and when I get the car back
 
 I'll see what the Area 52 guy would offer
 
 She says her dad is a mechanic so that he would want to haggle. I told her just to tell him we were selling it for 4 and see what he wants to "haggle" it down to because we werent going to take less then like 35. She hasnt talked to him yet about it since she isnt feeling well. So yeah going out tonight depends on not having six puking kiddos/katey not dying slowly
 
 because the guy at the tint shop was interested also
 
 you will :P you said you weren't leaving till like 9pm or 10 :P
 
 does Katey know what her parents would possibly be willing to pay?
 
 &lt;3 I wanted to go out tonigh :(
 
 I also told him I can't :P so :P
 
 not that it isnt true anyway but :P
 
 haha sure blame my bitchy ass
 
 lol
 
 she says "Ok :( " They are all sick . no but ill check now
 
 you get the most recent email?
 
 another hour ish
 
 :P
 
 rene is ready for you to get off now
 
 lol
 
 I dont know
 
 and he doesnt care
 
 he told me before if shit came up he wouldnt hate me for it. They get that we have fuckton of kiddos
 
 would you take sophia with you? or leave her?
 
 you wanna go and he want you to go. katey will prolly be here and I can handle the kiddos. :P
 
 Okay
 
 yeah but if you get back on the second then you arent going to want to poof be back in charge of all five kids at once so I can leave town for the day. Your probably gonna be bitchy when you get back
 
 I'll let you konw when I know more
 
 I think
 
 I should be getting back prolly like noonish on the 2nd
 
 another email
 
 Remind me to call James later. His wedding is the third soooo that kinda makes that a no
 
 kk
 
 tdy
 
 may 29th-2nd june (approx)
 
 kk
 
 cadi has gas
 
 and I will fill the van when I get off work
 
 kk just checking since we have no damn gas
 
 ya
 
 you gonna be home in time to drop Rene off?
 
 Well ill call brother and tell him I might not make it to the wedding.
 
 Last week of the month is a week away
 
 if it happens
 
 so nothing big
 
 
 
 and it would be for like a week
 
 thats all. 
 
 Uh huh whatever
 
 and the end of the month is two weeks
 
 Ur nicer then I am. I think he still has anpther week before we  can call the cops
 
 My phone just fn shattered again. Hit my leg and cracked.
 
 Babe end of this month is...next week
 
 sent you another email. rofl
 
 yet
 
 but nothing set in stone
 
 the tdy would be the end of this month for a cou-ple days so not during the move
 
 Oh and Katey said her parents "MIGHT" be interested in the stationwagon
 
 if so I swear imma rent a fucking uhaul
 
 I hope to god it isnt right when we are going to move
 
 awesome well make sure you renew mine and kateys passes before you go
 
 nothing set in stone yet
 
 I might be going TDY for a couple days in a coupel weeks
 
 hey babe
 
 hey hun
 
 love you ttyl
 
 and... I have to go to a meeting
 
 so I'll ttyl hun. Mwah Love you 
 
 if the kids all get sick or if Billy is bad
 
 he will want his mama
 
 sent another email. lol
 
 hopefully. and why wouldn't you get to go out tonight?\n
 
 It seems to be only the once so far
 
 he just took a tums and is eating crackers and sipping tea. Hopefully no one else will get sick
 
 true. so its looking like I might not get to go out tonight. Bubba just started throwing up
 
 I'm actually not either. lol  no guilt. but part may be from the fact that he dipped out on his wife. lol
 
 looks about right. Yeah no I cant even deal with another fucking missed payment. We have been MORE then accommodating because you are way to fucking nice. I feel no guilt swiping our shit bacvk.
 
 looks like we are getting the car back. Luis emailed me
 
 and I have had enough.. so I sent you what I sent him bakc
 
 sent an email to nixabee@aol.
 
 smack!
 
 ok. grrr...
 
 I moved everything from the butane to your xyphedrine to the cupboard
 
 your migraine medicine
 
 what medicine?
 
 But I moved it ontop of the fridge to get it the fuck away from the kids
 
 Poison control says its no big
 
 he just might get nauseous or dizzy.
 
 Jays the only one who punctured the foil
 
 Btw Jay and the kids got into your medicine
 
 They weere
 
 well just toss them on top of the bookshelf. I thught that was where they were
 
 grargh
 
 its missing a couple chunks now
 
 i found most of it but there is still a hole on top
 
 it was cracked
 
 adam broke a maraca. Unless it was already broken...
 
 fun fun...
 
 Think im getting the kids stomach bug and kateys getting a damn sinus infection. Yay
 
 Bad day
 
 cranky ass fucking not listenibg babers
 
 yes I'll take ur mum a thing of soupstew stuff
 
 the damn bowling?
 
 If your swinging by here before you go to the damn bowling then take a pot of stew to my moms first
 
 ?
 
 What uphoney
 
 Mwah
 
 hey babe
 
 ill believe it when i see it
 
 its gonna happen. :P
 
 lol yeah right
 
 nuh uh... Imma   be hyped up on caffeine. ;)
 
 promises promises youll be all worned out from thebowls
 
 ok I'll still tie yo up and beat you ;)
 
 :P
 
 rofl Ill probably be asleep or drunk by then
 
 its a tournament
 
 I'll be home by like 9or10 
 
 uh uh your gonna bowl tonight
 
 Imma jump you tonight. tie you up
 
 beat you 
 
 and all kinds of fun stuff
 
 Please
 
 you never have the energy when it gets to me :D
 
 Imma tie you up and beat you till you scream for more. ;) hehehe
 
 :P MWAH!  you dont think you are getting away tonight do you?   :)
 
 :P
 
 sure you want to talk to the "new vagina" about sex
 
 have sex with her...I see how it is
 
 roflmao
 
 hehe I told her yoiu posted more pics. lol
 
 gotta love the little seen thing that pops up after you read it. Its amusing me
 
 your moms blowing up my fb again lol
 
 rofl
 
 its like 6 or 7 dollars cheaper to get that 25lb bag from BB as opposed to get it from somewhere else. lol (the wheat berries)
 
 okay
 
 no
 
 did you tell katey what we were gettin?
 
 thats why this one was 5$ lol
 
 lol
 
 i always over think the money
 
 lol i dont do good with spoiling too much
 
 ohh.. ok... See I was trying to spoil you. ;)
 
 rofl no ill be okay I has puse already
 
 u want the messangerbag? :D
 
 If Imma spend money it will be tomorrow night
 
 rofl no
 
 lol wish we had spendin money. lol itsonly 5$  :) want it? :)
 
 Rofl I would too
 
 You'd soooo use the black one
 
 :)
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=460725003944499&amp;set=oa.207739355958126&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 kk
 
 I still think she is as ugly outside as in
 
  :P
 
 Arizona - Pickup Saturday
 
 May 19
 
 2012 Conventional 1 $15.00\n \nArizona - Pickup Saturday
 
 May 19
 
 2012 Veggie Lovers Pack - Italian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! Making dinnertime fun! 1 $8.50\n\nArizona - Pickup Saturday
 
 May 19
 
 2012 Sourdough Bread - 5 loaves - $10 1 $10.00 \n
 
 The outfit fucktard
 
 you just say my ex was cute? ;) ROFL
 
 maybe
 
 fuck if she took off the hat it could be cute......
 
 holy mother of cowboy hooker
 
 marissa has a new profile picture. lol
 
 I dont know about the italian. youll have to decide for me
 
 it usually comes with fresh herbs like rosemary and basil etc
 
 then garlic bulbs (which we have the minced stuff) and then eggplant
 
 and someother "italian" vegetable
 
 yeah for you and the kids
 
 the italian or no?
 
 so.. sourdough
 
 then one basket so we can hopeuflly get extreas next week
 
 um well one basket if we are doing it again next week. two baskets if you want to skip next week
 
 1 basket or 2?
 
 soo   italian or no?
 
 lol
 
 I JUST DIED A LITTLE
 
 HOLY MOTHER OF GOD
 
 I love the herbs that come with the italian theme but we really dont need the twenty pounds of eggplant that come with it and MOTHER FUCK THAT PLANE WAS FUCKING LOW
 
 anything else?
 
 so... the sourdough?
 
 if we have the money we should pull out some extra for next weeks now out of the "budget"
 
 lol thats what happens when we get paid on a tuesday
 
 Veggie Lovers Pack - Italian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! Making dinnertime fun!\n(Max 5)  $8.50 eaSourdough Bread - 5 loaves - $10\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaOriginal Granola 2 Lb. -Ingredients: Oats
 
 honey
 
 canola oil
 
 almonds
 
 pumpkin sds
 
 sunflower sds
 
 sesame sds
 
 vanilla.\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaORGANIC Olive Oil - From Spain 1 gallon Extra Virgin in a tin\n(Max 5)  $23.50 eaBanana Bread &amp; Cinnamon Toast Bread - 1 loaf of each - Ingredients: Bananas
 
 flour
 
 sugar
 
 buttermilk
 
 canola oil
 
 whole eggs
 
 b\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaApricots - approx 18 Lb from California\n(Max 5)  $19.00 ea
 
 GRRRR the white wheat berries are gone!
 
 here are the extras this week
 
 Veggie Lovers Pack - Italian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! Making dinnertime fun!\n(Max 5)  $8.50 eaSourdough Bread - 5 loaves - $10\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaOriginal Granola 2 Lb. -Ingredients: Oats
 
 honey
 
 canola oil
 
 almonds
 
 pumpkin sds
 
 sunflower sds
 
 sesame sds
 
 vanilla.\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaORGANIC Olive Oil - From Spain 1 gallon Extra Virgin in a tin\n(Max 5)  $23.50 eaBanana Bread &amp; Cinnamon Toast Bread - 1 loaf of each - Ingredients: Bananas
 
 flour
 
 sugar
 
 buttermilk
 
 canola oil
 
 whole eggs
 
 b\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaBlackberries - 12 - 6 ounce clamshells from Mexico\n(Max 8)  $12.50 eaApricots - approx 18 Lb from California\n(Max 5)  $19.00 eaORGANIC Greenbeans - Approx 15 Lb from California\n(Max 5)  $12.50 eaSoft White Wheat Berries - product of Washington and Idaho - Approx 25 Lb poly bag\n(Max 10)  $13.50 ea
 
 lol
 
 Kateu has
 
a crib
 
 stop sending shit we cant afford "hey I want that kinda dress its just like belles" -rene
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=448083518538787&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf rofl
 
 
 
 kris would have been in a booster till 12 if werent for the age thing
 
 i dont care if they are 410 or 8 they can kiss my ass
 
 as soon as my baby is too big for a booster they are out
 
 um no
 
 :P lol
 
 still gotta do it
 
 doesnt matter :P lol
 
 bs
 
 ___
 
 New law coming out...
 
 after this summer
 
 the kids have to be in booster seats until they are 4'10"   or 8
 
 This law takes effect this summer!  More information will follow from Safety and Fire.\n\nBooster seats: With Gov. Brewer's signature to House Bill 2154
 
 sponsored by Rep. Nancy McLain
 
 R-Bullhead City
 
 Arizona will join 47 other states that have similar booster-seat laws.\n\nThe law requires children ages 5 to 7 who are shorter than 4 feet 10 inches to be in a child-restraint system. Currently
 
 Arizona is among three states that allow a 5-years-old to use a seat belt instead of a car seat or booster seat. Arizona requires motorists to strap children age 4 and younger into a child-restraint system when in a personal vehicle.\n
 
 rofl lol
 
 :P
 
 Fucking stupid movie
 
 because its like goddamn pocahontas and it makes me all i should recycle and save the rainforest and shit. This is why I dont watch fucking ferngully. Also now I want a damn pterodactly
 
 how is it crap?
 
 for making me watch this fucking crap you are horrible
 
 how am I the devil?
 
 your the devil
 
 horrible
 
 holy mother im never watching this again
 
 fucking a
 
 yeah we are only out about 570.00
 
 nixabee aol
 
 three that I use lol
 
 I only have four
 
 which email?
 
 so you can read the email
 
 emailed you and luis
 
 two not ten
 
 cause in two weeks he will be 3 behind instead of just ten
 
 TOOOO fucking bad
 
 honestly
 
 those are my thoughts. But its your car and you are nicer then me
 
 we'll talk when I get home
 
 I'm going to my meeting now
 
 then I'll be home. 
 
 thoughts?
 
 Luis....Well ill b able 2 make the payment in 2 weeks wen I get paid. ill make a payment of 300 on my 1st paycheck
 
 and then keep paying u 300 every 2 weeks. But the thing is that this week its not gona b possible for me to make a payment. I get paid on the 10th and 25th of every month. Those are the days that I can make a $300 payment. Ill be able to keep up with payments this time because they hours are guarenteed. I need the car to be able to get to and from work. So please understand that I can't make a payment this week because I didn't work. Ill be able to make a payment of $300 on the 25th
 
 and then every 2 weeks after ill make the same payment and also throw in a little extra. Ill keep you posted on the situation
 
 but I really need this car for work
 
 please try to understand. Thanks.\n\n_________________________
 
 so :P
 
 so we are already getting a dog :P
 
 shes bringing hers when we move and right this minute no but you gotta think it is only like fourty bucks a month for the dog food
 
 we have to meet him to see ifhe meshes. but can we actually afford a dog currently?
 
 Can I have
 
him? Pleeeeaaaaassse
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150875422008394&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 love you more. :P
 
 just so you know. I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVEEEEEEEE YOU! only you and nobody else :D &lt;3  
 
 :P
 
 lol
 
 grrr not enough caffiene on the mother fucking planet today. Im happy
 
 in a good mood
 
 just fucking tired as mother fucking hell ass poop fucking bitch dumb ass damn cunt fucking dick balls shit
 
 Saundras pullin at her hair and yelling cut. Imma trim her bangs back out of her eyes
 
 weirdness. Oh well
 
 for a base with all this damn solar power that the fucking power would be able to stay on
 
 but apparently fixed
 
 no clue..
 
 I didn't see a flyer
 
 and I haven't seen any neon colors on other doors. but part of the base went down.
 
 Its back on. Wonder what happened?
 
 I did. Didnt work. But we are outside now and I dont hear ANYTHING. No people
 
 no ac
 
 no nothing. Maybe the powers out again. Did we miss a flier or did it fuck up?
 
 hmm. turn the breakers off and then turn them back on
 
 ?
 
 Checked breaker box is fine idk wtf
 
 Power is out
 
 umm some sort of spicy bbq sauce
 
 what kinda sauce you want for your ribs?
 
 cheese dip
 
 chips
 
 and 2 gallons of water
 
 Soda.
 
 sure
 
 out front where the bench is?
 
 love you too be there in a minute
 
 fine. head over now. Imma go smoke  because I'm stressed and you are confusing! :P love you
 
 dont worry about it
 
 we have it figured out
 
 all I need to know is if you can get me the keys if I go over there
 
 I"M CONFUZED!
 
 and how iwll you pick itup
 
 and you will have the van
 
 then her car will be stuck there...
 
 see. I know the van isnt here
 
 but I can fetch it if I had the damn keys or could find the fucking spares
 
 lol I will use Kateys car to get the keys from you then take her car and come back with the van
 
 (sorry working ona briefing)
 
 I dont need a book. just tell me what the grrr you want.
 
 im confused
 
 the van isn't there hun
 
 I can run in Kateys car and pick them up from you
 
 yes no maybe so?
 
 its just the key part we are having issues with
 
 so you still have it
 
 I can drop it back off there after we are done
 
 cause we didnt think about it and told the kids we were going to go to the damn store and forgot we have neither the van nor the damn keys
 
 Okay is there anyway that we can get the van key from you. I know your at work
 
 I promise
 
 okay I wont call your work and tattle on you
 
 shhhh :P
 
 I dont think you have actually had to drop her off in like a month lol
 
 happy days
 
 especially since you already dropped her off. hehehe
 
 i love getting out of work early. rofl
 
 hehe... 
 
 jeeeeeze
 
 I wont
 
 fine. In twenty minutes you can leave to take nene to her dads house
 
 ;)
 
 shut up ! dont mock me :P :P
 
 hahahhhaaha
 
 hmm only like 20 minutes until I get to leave to take rene to her dad. 
 
 lol 
 
 yeah watching the sand fly past the window. Kids are pissed cause they cant play outside
 
 lol u back at the house?
 
 nope no0 rain just clouds and a fuck ton of wind and sand
 
 lol
 
 aint been outside since lunch
 
 ? lol  i thought it was rainin
 
 cant fucking stop sneezing 
 
 lol yeah cause we totally need one. This effin sand storm is fucking with me
 
 rofl
 
 but but pool.. lol
 
 :P
 
 lol we already have a house and that is in the fuck of no where
 
 I like this house toooo lol
 
 grrr....
 
 http://michael.tucsonhomeshopping.com/homes/6692-S-Star-Ridge-Place/22421912/?rid=193489206&amp;utm_source=Listing+Update+Email&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=Listing+Update&amp;utm_content=New+Tucson+Homes+from+Michael+Shiner&amp;utm_term=apj_elfman%40yahoo.com&amp;eid=1924027  
 
 btw rene is with moms already
 
 I fucking even read it in their crazy ass robot voice\n
 
 And one cute button up thats too small but cute
 
 reason to skinny
 
 Kids are psycho but happy since we finally got to mcds. Got some new ugly hippyclothes youllhate.
 
 lol
 
 screaming screaming so much screaming. Fucking adam and Saundra can drown out ten other kids
 
 Saundra and adam are mad. Adam started fighting and crying over the damn crayons so hes done
 
 saundra started coloring on the trash can with baby girl. So they are all three banned from the crayons now
 
 lol isnt she still measuring like three weeks behind
 
 only a little disturbing
 
 apparently katrinais horny and wants me there NOW to help her start labor. ROFLMFAO\n
 
 okey dokey
 
 we are barely getting by on caffiene right now
 
 I sent Katey to the store to get the celery cause we need other shit too and that way we can get redbull for us
 
 the tired is hitting
 
 No im just grrrr long day
 
 MWAH MWAH MWAH MWAH MWAH
 
 sorry. I was busy building a briefing
 
 what?
 
 ?
 
 Grrrr
 
 Yay haha
 
 so we'll be 268+  before I start paying bills. lol
 
 Money money mobey for to win lottery
 
 :)
 
 15th** damn keyboard
 
 768$ on the 111111th
 
 lol
 
 is ontop of the fridge now. more like my poor stinky house
 
 lol and wow... my poor ax
 
 Your son just fn emptied the axr
 
 My vagina birthed her
 
 there is comfort in that because nothing will change it
 
 she is MINE forever
 
 so I can share 
 
 :P
 
 period
 
 ya'll are weird
 
 there is only one dad. 
 
 fn a its kinda weird. Men arent that way. I guess its the easiest way since im "crazy bitch" to figure out where she can step with my kid before I flip. But honestly I dont care
 
 rene can call her mom if she wants to so long as she knows Im mommy for real
 
 which she does so...eh
 
 Mikes fiance wants to meet me. I told sylv just to give her my number and wed figure something out
 
 i guess we could see if shell watch my tghree since that might make sleep time easier.
 
 if e take them they want to sleep over and they cant tonight since mom has shit to do in the am
 
 seeee so we need to go tonight .lol and take soem kids to your mums
 
 which is before six. never gonna happewn lol
 
 hmm.... fine. :) tomorrow. but we need to go during the dinner special thingy
 
 I want out
 
 I want you to myself for a little bit but I also dont want her brain to implode
 
 even if they are all in bed its still  non stop yelling and screaming
 
 Katey is asleep so I cant ask her if she would even be okay babysitting tonight. And with the way bedtime is going it wouldnt be fair to her with so many damn kids
 
 SUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSHI
 
 suuuuuushi
 
 suuuushi?
 
 :P
 
 you cant fix the back alignment
 
 I fixed that before I sold it
 
 that is no big
 
 you can buy spray to fix that
 
 thats fixed
 

 
 hers runs its just got a squeaky belt
 
 hell her car is better then the damn electrical and shit on yours. 
 
 cause it included the first one I think
 
 lol
 
 well scrap it
 
 sell kateys damn car. lol
 
 and  when its 6 he'll get 2 weeks to start catching up on payments
 
 or if he misses another one
 
 then I'm taking it
 
 and we prolly wont even resell it now. lol
 
 but I'll check the email
 
 I'm not sure. 
 
 I have the email. 
 
 I thought he was at four missed anyways now not three
 
 Is true
 
 I have to do the emissions on it anyways. lol
 
 if he misses 3 more payments
 
 once I figure out where he's working now. lol
 
 he's really gonna fucking hate it if he leaves work one day and the cars not there.
 
 your so much nicer then me
 
 I told him he's at three missed payments
 
 and we only approved the 100$ payments for 3-4 weeks
 
 There I fixed it so your mom can see the new pictures
 
 or fuck it I want the damn car
 
 hed fucking better
 
 Plus catch up on the missed payemnts as soon as possible
 
 he starts his new job in a day or so
 
 and they get pad every two weeks. so I did his pay math
 
 and he's going GOING to give us 300 every two weeks
 
 So whats going to happen with Louis? Cause we need the damn money
 
 Ok but I dont know if she can watch the kids
 
 we might have to wait till tomorrow if rocky akes the kids well be down yo three plus soph
 
 soo.... we had a nice discussion.... 
 
 his job fired  him because a friend of them told his boss he was going to quit when he got his new job
 
 (only got 80 this week
 
 and I get the other 20 on thursday)
 
 we still have like 40 left from Luis
 
 want sushi tonight? ;)
 
 soo... where are we going and when/
 
 okey dokey. :)
 
 Muah not mecessarily furst
 
 cause she neecs shit
 
 but just aknowledging that shit is fucked and needs to be worked on. We were already off to begin with do its extra strain. I think we need a date or some alone time
 
 :) MWAH!
 
 I know we are trying to fix her
 
 and see if shes staying with 'us' but I need to amke sure I take careof you first.
 
 and tonight whenever you go to bed
 
 I'll put down whatever game and come up to bed with you . :)
 
 Im sorry it took me so long to figure it out lol
 
 so that way you get me for snuggly wuggly time. 
 
 I am sory I upset you babe
 
 ok. I am not sure if she liked last night.. so I won bring it up again. and if she comes up
 
 then she does
 
 but I wont bring it up again
 
 Cause I donr get the dates or "special time " ypur gfs do
 
 Ok so we have already been off
 
 for god knows what reason and now kateys here. And part of it the lack of nookie
 
 part of it the fact that you bexome overly affectionate in a new relationship amd so during the day she gets more hugs and snuggles but I can deal with it mostly because at night I have you to myself which used to be enough but youve been spending that before bed time with her instead of me so im half asleep by the time you get to bed and then while when she needs it I understand you inviting her in to bed when she was in a goodish mood like it was no big deal and your going to try to make it a regular thing made me upset because thats the last little bit of ypu that I get. All day long I share you
 
 with her with the kods
 
 I get slim to nothing. And there went what little I do get. Poof
 
 we need money
 
 lol 
 
 we really need to win the lotto
 
 Nope lol
 
 hmm have I won the lottery yet?
 
 mwah 
 
 lol well guess she can see them then. lol
 
 For someone who cant see em she just liked 15
 
 Lol
 
 oops. .. sorry
 
 I haven't told her to leave it on and just turn the monitor off yet. 
 
 its off
 
 katey turns it off every night..
 
 Kk but the comp is off or something so ill have to reboot
 
 justthought Id tell you again :D
 
 and....  MWAH!  love you
 
 she said she can only see your cover pic
 
 can you send or tag or give permissions for my mum to see the pics of the kids? 
 
 Morning hon.
 
 morning babe :)
 
 lol
 
 good i piled em but thats as far as I got
 
 I'll bring the clothes from the bedroom down tonight
 
 okey dokey. :) thank you deary
 
 Those are on the bed
 
 the black and red ones
 
 I ahould prob ssn ly dry your shorts tgen
 
 are the black shorts in teh wash
 
 or are they       still upstairs?
 
 Yay fun
 
 I am coming home to change  in like 20 minutes
 
 then going to PT
 
 then going to do the tyres
 
 Ugh im all depressed and trying to not be because its not my turn lol fucking sucks
 
 ol yeah your going to switch out the tites and hoping youll get off before four
 
 check katey's fb for a message. :)  mwah
 
 Trick keeps texting me to see if ive gotten approcal yet (let me enjoy it
 
 I like knowing people still find me attractive lol) and james asked if kateys my new sister wife lol
 
 Roflmao hahaha
 
 WTF!
 
 with a fauhawk
 
 OMG! Rocky just posted a new profile pic.. 
 
 lol
 
 but in order to even do that we would have to buy some of those damn wheely clothing racks they have in department stores just to have enough room
 
 sorting shit seperate between 7 damn kids just seems ridiculous
 
 When we move I have a serious urge to just do a "Family closet" buy a whole bunch of hangers and hang everything up by size and say Fuck it
 
 lol ok
 
 i would be more worried about stuff for the boys and girls thats over 5t
 
 we have sooo many clothes for the girls though.
 
 DM yardsale site on FB
 
 I have well over 55 pieces of 2
 
3
 
4
 
5t girls clothing in a box. Different seasons
 
 asking $40 but will take $35\n
 
 lol
 
 saundra looks like a zombie. poor baby girl
 
 They are pains in my butt. Soooo need a bigger house. There just isnt enough room for them to run around here
 
 lol
 
 Jay ad Bubba are taking everything they can from everyone and hiding it. Pains in my butt
 
 yeah I just weirded katey out cause i looked at her and started talking and while i didi was still typing to you. 
 
 sorry is overshare but its fn bleeding now
 
 okey dokey..
 
 My fn foot. We need to get a better pumice stone or something. Cause my damn foot is BAAAAaaaaaad again. only my left though. My right looks bad
 
 my left IS bad
 
 lol
 
 we switch off now and i can always fb on my phone
 
 lol yeah no then we weould both be on all day
 
 hahaha
 
 so.. the first thing to do in the new house is get two functioning computers? lol
 
 benvenidos
 
 HOLA!
 
 Maaaaayyyybbbbewe
 
 can you keep me a lil bit? or... keep me a quesidilla warm :)
 
 but but but..
 
 But we have a whole big bag of meat and beans
 
 Haha no ur not we are making steak quesidillas for the kiddos
 
 Ohh I think I'm having steak for lunch. lol
 
 okey dokey
 
 unday
 
 when are they coming back?
 
 okey dokey
 
 tonight. 6:30 or 7:00 or something
 
 so when are you dropping off the katey kids?
 
 :P
 
 see ^^ babay
 
  lol :'(
 
 :P meany I cwy :"(
 
 :D
 
 nope baby
 
 i'm not a baby
 
 I'm a BABE ;) hehe Mwah
 
 Morning baby
 
 morning :) MWAH!
 
 Whatever.
 
 did you get a chance to look for my   PT stuff? :)
 
 no.. you get to sleep tonight
 
 and I'm tired too. so imma prolly play a couple mw3 matches and then go to bed
 
 Yeah so you can come down stairs ans piss me off again. Uh nope
 
 but since you are supertired.. you get to sleep tonight lol
 
 and movie 
 
 ok.. then cuddles
 
 Uh huh yeah no cause now I dont want sex see hence PROBLEM
 
 Uh huh yeah no cause now I dont want sex see hence PROBLEM
 
 TIme to fix that. :) MWAH!
 
 Love you too. I just worry we wont. You get stupid and instead of getting mad I pull away which makes it worse + the only person youve "been with" in almost two weeks wasnt ne
 
 mwah love you
 
 lol  I dont know
 
 we are still in a funk
 
 but things are starting to level out
 
 and with katey helping in the house. and when the money levels out again we will be find
 
 :)
 
 I dont care abiut work lol I meant we hardly ever talk about tv or something unless we are fighting over it. It was.generalized lol if I jnew what you did/do id have to pay attention and remember to keep my miuth shut. So not a skill I have if I have ibteresting factoids
 
 and something to get used to
 
 so its not nessacarily sad.. just how it is
 
 I can't talk about work. and that is the main issue with my relationships. 
 
 Uh huh  do you ever feel like we are out of shit to talk about other then the kids
 
 bills and ur sex life? Its kinda sad
 
 mwah
 
 :)
 
 in the baby stuff section there is a crib
 
 I saw the like 40$ toddler bed
 
 Another Crib
 
 we have no money dont taunt us with what we CANT BUY
 
 have kateys look at the clotehs toooooo 
 
 I was clicky clicking and nothing screams I HAVE TO HAVE IT NOW. and we has no money soooooo...im good
 
 the ablums are seperated based on what they are selling
 
 did you go look through Photos
 
 There is nothing I want. And hey I wouldnt post or comment anyways not my johb. Thats yours
 
 we dont have the 40-30 for it currently. I already looked ;)  mwah
 
 but you can't comment saying you wants it
 
 theres a grill
 
 I can see it anyway 
 
 pwease... you can see what peoples are selling and see if you want any when it comes up :)
 
 I dont want to join :P so there
 
 there you should join that. ;) its the DM  online yardsales
 
 http://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=303454863065380&amp;id=634335343&amp;ref=notif&amp;notif_t=close_friend_activity#!/groups/DMOnlineYardSales/
 
 mwah
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 growly frowny face.. imma go nap 
 
 ?  what is that supposd to be?
 
 &gt;;/
 
 :P
 
 but she can have mine ;)
 
 roflmao
 
 lol  too bad they dont work. lol
 
 katey wants her nuts a lil bit
 
 roflmao 
 
 lol  well there you gor a new friend. :) lol
 
 all the kuids were cause she was tired and zoning out lol
 
 lol     was he a lil much for her? lol
 
 becasue the univers hatesus. Summer went home. Today had to be the day adam decided to go al out. He had a dress on
 
 the shoes
 
 the tiara and he wanted his nails done. I was like ok then he danced around in front of her sayind he was a pretty little girl for like half an hour. This is after/during their Morning long talk. Dud it was bonding
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=2092682132220&amp;set=oa.206635636068498&amp;type=1&amp;theater  makes me cry.. why can't it be for xbox
 
 ol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=2033170885076&amp;set=oa.206635636068498&amp;type=1&amp;theater
 
 you should have her and Mikey hang out. lol
 
 lol  
 
 Adam has not shut up  he just is blabbing nonstop to summer. When she zones out he goes "hey I wanna talka to you"
 
 Im genuinely afraid of just dropping right now. Imma sit still and go down for a week
 
 Im sleeping tonight
 
 Lol screw that
 
 well on Friday when I get home from bowling
 
 the three of us can just curl up in the bed upstairs and go to sleep :)
 
 Im so duzzy from lack of sleep its ridiculoid
 
 Omg tired
 
 Yeah
 
 well I made sure I told her this morning we were both right here and weren't going anywhere
 
 and that seemed to help a little. 
 
 Yeah she beat herself up pretty bad last night too wich makes the tired worsr
 
 shes tired
 
 Shes out I sent her back to bed. She didnt look good
 
 lol
 
 lol u and katey both I'm assuming?
 
 love you
 
 when you are done for the day the kids are going to bed and so am I &lt;3 ttyl
 
 and your pass is still good today. lol so we can get you apass on the way home
 
 drive to the gas station
 
 put 50$ in the van. then go get the cadi
 
 and go to the store. :)
 
 kk'
 
 well make sure you are ready to go
 
 I'm leaving for the house in like 10 minutes
 
 25$ and then I can 'legally' have directions. lol
 
 I am picking up a tomtom today also.
 
 lol
 
 lol i miggt if katey says ok
 
 so den r u go'n 2 da stor wit me 2? ;)
 
 rofl
 
 if you wanna go then just tell wifey 2 that she's watching the kids. :P lol
 
 kk either or prefferably me so i can spend a minute you asnd me :P
 
 I figure that person could drive back to the house
 
 and I could run to the store
 
 so.. who am I picking up to go pick up the cadi with me? :D
 
 smile :) mwah
 
 lol
 
 okay haha that was what I was going to name Sophi had she been born like a year or two earlier. Summer Ann Rose Deyoe. I guess more accurately that would have been Bubbas name had he been born a girl.
 
 oh... btw.. her name is summer. (according to fb) (cupid chicky)
 
 she's my katey tooo :P (if she wants) :P rofl
 
 lol tomorrow  we are all talking about what it would take to fix her house so she can move out faster
 
 and her parents can rent it and not lose money
 
 yeah shes my Katey. If I didnt like having her around she wouldnt have gotten an offer to move in. DUH
 
 lol so you do you like haveing Katey there? :)
 
 I SMELL PRETTY NOW!!!
 
 IT WAS AWESOME!!! 
 
 I GOTS TO TAKE A SHOWER
 
 I smell good
 
 im just rolling with it
 
 its weird
 
 I have no idea
 
 im in a mood
 
 im tired
 
 pissy and bubbly all at once
 
 duh
 
 but what this time. lol
 
 :P
 
 all ways 
 
 howso?
 
 ur a dork
 
 mwah
 
 what? :)
 
 :P
 
 Yay
 
 lol just got done with a meeting wooo
 
 my body is awake. Im actually a little shaky from the caffiene
 
 but my brain is still mush. Thought Id share
 
 Yep
 
 kids*
 
 she's screwed in the new house. lol since the ki are staying. lol
 
 so Imma prolly just pull the 80 or 100 out of the account to finish it out
 
 So renes at sylvias now. She said "i dont fwel good im tired and theres too many kids" lol
 
 Kk sounds good
 
 and once I pay on the Capital one card on the 15th
 
 we can do the kiddos shopping and put that on layaway if you want
 
 wow I'm good. lol
 
 I just found a way to not pay anybill from this paycheck..
 
 k so go to the commissary and get a 12 pack o redbull
 
 And make sure enough red bull for the morning
 
 Dish detergent too
 
 so... gallon bags
 
 aluminum foil
 
 dish soap
 
 redbull
 
 dr pepper
 
 diet coke
 
 vodka
 
 shrimp...
 
 She hates the other kids when she is yired
 
 Im sooooooo tired still
 
 lol wow... that bad?
 
 Rene id trying to get nana to pick her up now lol
 
 so 400 out of like 800$ not horrible. 
 
 Yeppers
 
 so 120 + 70
 
 and insurance and internet
 
 Kk so nect pay check gone lol
 
 200$ and I think that will still put us in the 'positive' 
 
 Looks like 100$ to the star card on the 15th\n60 to VS and 40 to Capitalone
 
 60$ due on the VS on the 16th
 
 okie dokie
 
 capital one due May 25th
 
 till the 15th
 
 and not pay that one
 
 $0 due to STAR (55 available) so we can get gas on the start card then its maxed out
 
 oh yea... :)  you want shrimp? :)
 
 Fs card frozen shrip
 
 oh... I wish I had money.. I wnat shrimp...
 
 should be a fun night
 
 fun fun... sounds like a good night.. too bad its not like friday or saturday...
 
 remember
 
 rene has two. lol
 
 nvm rene wont be here well use her matress
 
 so we are gonna vaccuum one of the garage matresses
 
 katey is probably staying tonight too
 
 regular dr pepper yex beer and vodka
 
 and I think we are just about out of vodka actually..
 
 redbull
 
 diet coke
 
 dr pepper (or diet?) \nbeer?
 
 diet coke dr pepper
 
 what else?
 
 yes yes
 
 so you have redbull.. will you need anymore for tonight?
 
 love you too
 
 mwah  love you 
 
 Hope its all yummy
 
 redbull sounds like you get to wake up ;)  
 
 Kateys back with my red bull. &lt;3 you ttyl
 
 and I figure those can wait until after work
 
 I dont think we need anything since we just bought groceries. The only things we need are dishwasher soap dish soap and gallon ziplocs
 
 you can take Rene to moms if you get lunch
 
 she wants to go early. That is if I havent lost her mind and called Nana already and used Kateys car. 
 
 do you want anything if I can go on lunch?
 
 ah..  okey dokey
 
 I included your steak as the 3rd
 
 my leftoverss are on a plate in the fridge also hun
 
 Its not ok phillip
 
 its just not. I love you
 
 but you just make me want to pull my hair out sometimes because you think that every rule on gods green earth doesnt apply to you. Sorry Im throwing this on you but I figure I should get this messaging out of the way while Katey is out getting smokes. I dont want her to know how much it upset me because it wasnt her fault and she didnt know the rules in place. Also if I do that you wont have a chance in hell again. So while Im pissed at you for breaking the rules and Sleeping with her while you werent supposed to be I am alos attempting to make sure that if it arises that you can sleep with her again. Great Im an FN doormat. This shit is going to stop
 
 Ive got some mental shit to do because little miss ooh phillip fucked up agin but thats ok is not going to stick around. Ive been doing it from the begining and I think you just broke that fucking camel. I love you
 
 Imma go smoke and start rearanging my brain. Also
 
 if you wanted steak you should have brought some with you. There are only 3 steaks in the god damn fridge dumbass &lt;3 you asshole
 
 hmm I want steak..... grr...
 
 and I have a feeling you two will along a little more than I want lol sounds like you twohave similar outlooks. lol
 
 Im still a be mopey
 
 I will just have someone to try to distract myself with from the mope. People are good at that. 
 
 Um...Chicky the Okcupid? Yeah you said that last night
 
 and chicky is coming over tonight also..
 
 well at least I helped tha along...and lets hope we she doesnt tell him how she figured it out
 
 so yay for getting that epiphany through but damn thats a be some drama weither she tells him how she had that epiphany or not
 
 Also
 
 now Katey realizes that she cant be with Rocky cause if she were with him she wouldnt have done that so she is trying to figure out how to tell him its OVER OVER. like done and over instead of the pretending to be working on it even though its over.
 
 I love you
 
 but you are a dick. Not that I didnt already know that but still. it ouchies a bit. Not the sleeping with Katey part
 
 but the rest of the stuff that comes with it. I feel like you cant stick to the few rules that we have and that just leaves me floundering wondering if you can stick to any rules at all. I still love you
 
 and Im not going anywhere
 
 etc etc
 
 but Im probably gonna be in a bit of a mood for a while. Ive got to sort some shit out in my brain so expect a mopy slightly pissy Nikki who is probably going to drink to much tonight.
 
 :P
 
 Uh huh
 
 your lucky it was Katey and not someone else or your balls would be in a jar
 
 and I should never sleep.. because I get in the same amount of trouble either way :P
 
 uh huh
 
 mwah I love you. 
 
 Especially cause I havent gotten any in like 2fn weeks
 
 You OWE ME
 
 uh huh I do not believe you because you KNOW you would play it off that way if you remembered or not in attempt to stay out of trouble :P
 
 just uz I'm asleep doesnt mean I'm not partly consious... I still dont remember the milk
 
 or all the details. so :P
 
 1.5 weeks early
 
 with an ob AAAAAAAANNNNDDD you tried to not tell me/play it off
 
 you owe me so much make up things
 
 :P
 
 asleep my ass
 
 "lets wait to tell nikki"
 
 naughty naughty man
 
 OOOooogh your in troooouuubbbllleeee
 
 lol I doubt tonight as she has the kids here lol
 
 lol
 
 good thing she's doing the pics for her and $$ is a bonus
 
 that way we might be able to do them in the next couple days
 
 or tonight
 
 and pay her when we can
 
 kk lol
 
 kk its just me with the kids. We decided we wanted to eat dinner on time so katey went to the grocery with rene
 
 leaving work now
 
 at least we have to wait until after her surgery (i'm nice :P ) and if its what we all think it is
 
 I actually feel bad for her
 
 is it sad I'm looking at how much it would cost to fly me to Ks
 
 so I can appear in court? it might actually be cheaer than the attorny.. grr
 
 I'll have to check my phone. I have it saved in there
 
 carrots peas and what?
 
 what do we need for split pea soup
 
 lol
 
 Yay I gots my Katey
 
 dude her but something died
 
 k
 
 soonsih
 
 I need to go to the housing office and start the move out checklist. lol
 
 lol well maybe eventually we will get the house all better
 
 
 
 and i cleaned the boys room without that reaction it smells like death all throughout the house
 
 Saundra just pood in the potty. She is so excited but i almost puked it smelled so bad
 
 lol
 
 you know you want a crochet ood doll
 
 lol
 
 We need it. We can buy like three hundred and they will do our house cleaning. It will be EPIC!!!
 
 let them sort it out bwahhahahahahaha
 
 lol
 
 well
 
 upside I wont have to deal with the house. Ill just go in the day she dies and take the shit I want then go Peace out! hand tap kiss and everything and let the bank sort it out
 
 shes the WORST with money. i usually keep from going negative (obviously not this time but usually) she drags herself further into debt everyday. Imma be so screwed when she dies
 
 you'll and you money issues
 
 make me cringe
 
 mom ets $$$ friday
 
 yeah if its more then 100.00 she asks
 
 does your gran know that?
 
 and she doesnt have the extra available credit shit
 
 mom just had me send 1000.00 to her account from grandmas to cover her -957.00 seriously?
 
 love you ttyl
 
 well off to cadi Mwah
 
 we actually have similar ideas and style for the other pics
 
 and she finally realized that I only like that one pic
 
 because I'm a guy
 
 and other than that I am pretty classy on pic styles. lol
 
 and I even get an 'up close' pic hehe :P  I win :P
 
 kateys stayin long enough for us all to discuss the pics tonight
 
 kk
 
 well I'm headin to the cadi place. Mwah  (if its done i will prolly pick it up with you after work. :)  or during lunch if theres enough time. 
 
 kk
 
 its in the back of the passenger seat that pocket. it was the safest from kids there
 
 I need to know what that list of things I need is
 
 do you know where my Nova folder is?
 
 but thats for overdosage. lol
 
 look at the nervous system issue
 
 we already wen tthrough that. And drosiness
 
 headach and back pain are all in herpes first outbreak symptoms too
 
 Symptoms of a Valtrex Overdose\nThe effects of a Valtrex overdose may include:\n \n\u2022Kidney problems or kidney failure \n\u2022Nervous system problems. \n \nThis may cause signs or symptoms that include:\n \n\u2022Decreased urine output \n\u2022Drowsiness
 
 headache
 
 or back pain \n\u2022Hallucinations \n\u2022Aggressive behavior \n\u2022Unsteady or shaky movements \n\u2022Confusion \n\u2022Speech problems \n\u2022Seizures \n\u2022Tremors \n\u2022Loss of consciousness
 
 but on upside i can pee so equal trade off
 
 yeah its awesome
 
 ouchies...
 
 i has ob inside not outside
 
 ?
 
 i now have internal ob. yaaaaaay me
 
 well everything says at absoloute worst ever only two more weeks f death for you'
 
 yeppers
 
 great... one more thing for migraines. lol
 
 lol
 
 it doesnt look right
 
 bought
 
 im too tired to spell
 
 it all looks wrong
 
 bought or baught?
 
 In women it just eats at our flesh and gives us a fever and flu like shit
 
 apparently in men herpes can even cause headaches or migraines
 
 yeah I know. I logged out Yet again. Hoping this time it will remember as I even bothered to go through and close down the background shit
 
 I know I need to get the spysweeper back on the computer
 
 but we haven't been able to afford it
 
 no clue..
 
 I dont want to be attacked by slut bots
 
 you have like fifteen damn bots attacking me
 
 lol
 
 fn computer
 
 your stupid yahoo keeps popping up and ive logged out twice.
 
 and ive had Whichever HPV since mike
 
 especially since non of my exes have that problem
 
 yeah I saw that HPV can cause that too but if wifey has HPV i would assume you have that already. 
 
 or 6
 
 or have like hpv5
 
 the type of leg pain I have is the same as people who dont have herpes
 
 
 
 on the herpe sites.. 
 
 and the funny thing is 
 
 my legs still fucked up
 
 Im so tired
 
 ok
 
 so I guess we are good
 
 I guess I can eat the left over chicken
 
 Imma feed the kids hot dogs...
 
 if not
 
 Imma go check on the cadi
 
 do you need anything on my lunch break?
 
 that would be ^^^
 
 kk
 
 and I told you I have to go to luis's work tonight right?
 
 Well
 
 I have the grocery list fixed. And once you get the money from louis I need to get groceries
 
 dish soap
 
 and that dress sometime soon
 
 and pay bills.
 
 so the paycheck is gone after I get the cadi outa the shop
 
 is true.
 
 I can't drink. lol
 
 lol we are gonna be broke. all the moneys is giong to the cadi. 
 
 whatever
 
 better you not help me with the kids cause your volunteering then cause your hung over and wont wake up
 
 :)
 
 I think Imma try to volunteer this saturday
 
 my account is negative. I have no idea how. Apparently I spent money and then it didnt go through or something I dont have any clue.
 
 Dermatographic urticaria its like your rashy hives. I love the internet
 
 Dermographism is yet another type of physical urticaria. The word means "skin writing
 
" and the condition is so named because if you have this type of allergy you can write your name on your skin with pressure from your fingernail. Pressure on the skin causes an itchy hive reaction. You can also develop this urticaria rash from tight clothing or even just toweling off after a hot shower. Dermographism affects about 4 percent of the population. The rash goes away on its own in about 15 to 30 minutes. You can use antihistamines to control the itching it causes.
 
 lol
 
 for god sake why do they put that there?
 
 stupid button next to the shrinking button
 
 Allen Phillip missed a call from Nikkole.
 
 nope expires 5/2/12
 
 check . see if its the 12th
 
 btw. I looked at my base pass last night. It expires on the 2nd. Why I dont know because we got it on the 11th
 
 lol
 
 I sent kris to buy me caffiene. Gots to loves havingt a brother
 
 sounds good to me
 
 what do you think?
 
 12$
 
 ORGANIC 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)
 
 its yucky
 
 just no sourdough
 
 Maybe one of the breads. I still think id have to buy one loaf to get u through the week...but thats probably better bread then we can get at the store
 
 thats what we got to choose from as extra
 
 Tropical Granola - Ingredients: Oats
 
 honey
 
 brown sugar
 
 macadamia nuts
 
 coconut
 
 pineapple
 
 papaya. - $10\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaSourdough Bread - 5 loaves - $10\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaORGANIC 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)  $12.00 eaLemons - Approx 38 Lb. box - Product of California\n(Max 5)  $21.00 eaTropical Pack (hoping for 2 vanilla beans
 
 pineapple
 
 mango
 
 lime
 
 coconut
 
 kiwi
 
 fresh mint.)\n(Max 5)  $10.50 eaArizona Produce Basket &amp; Bread Week 
 
 :( ill put flour tortillas back on the list then
 
 damn...   tortilla baskets sold out yesterday
 
 kk
 
 yeppers
 
 so... 1 reg basket
 
 and a tortilla thing?
 
 ok so we are getting another bountiful baskets so I can pretty much ignore fresh produce right?
 
 lol
 
 im just so fucking tired. If I didnt know that we absoloutely NEED groceries because we are fucking OUT of food. I wouldnt even bother
 
 yeah yeah. And I have to go get groceries after that
 
 and i has to gos to luiss work today to get moneys
 
 ty
 
 :)
 
 it madse it
 
 lwet me knows if I needs to do it again
 
 theres I forwarded it to you
 
 allen.johnson@dm.af.mil
 
 whats your work email
 
 I need the file so I can read it
 
 it says Nova home quote
 
 its the only one with a 'star' you should see on the main page
 
 Ryan Sublette
 
 kk which one
 
 I need you to go into my email
 
 and email something to my work account (it wont let me mail the attachment to me. so you might have to save it to t he desktop first)
 
 idk
 
 the carbonmonoxide detecter is working so its not that
 
 no they are all over tired and cranky for some unknown reason. They all even slept in. Maybe its the pollen or something because we are all as tired as fuck. It is honestly a little ridiculous how tired we all are.
 
 then when they get out they can finish :P
 
 corner!
 
 wow..
 
 fun for the whole family
 
 ?
 
 they have three quarters of it picked up and have desinigrated into screaming and hitting each other
 
 omg I hate you soooo much right now
 
 lol
 
 I found three posts plus their comments talking about over sensitive leg pain. every single one were male and it was the first time.
 
 kk
 
 soo. imma be home to change
 
 then PT fun.. I'm only lifting so it shouldn't be too much
 
 just lettin you know. lol
 
 lol :P not anything we need
 
 I was just showing you all the add ons they  have available this week
 
 heres the addons for this week
 
 no
 
 Strawberries - 8 - 1 Lb clamshells - from Mexico or California\n(Max 8) 11.00$
 
 Tropical Pack (hoping for 2 vanilla beans
 
 pineapple
 
 mango
 
 lime
 
 coconut
 
 kiwi
 
 fresh mint.)\n(Max 5) 10.50$
 
 Lemons - Approx 38 Lb. box - Product of California\n(Max 5) 21$
 
 ^12$
 
 ORGANIC 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)
 
 Sourdough Bread - 5 loaves - $10\n(Max 5)
 
 Tropical Granola - Ingredients: Oats
 
 honey
 
 brown sugar
 
 macadamia nuts
 
 coconut
 
 pineapple
 
 papaya. - $10\n(Max 5)
 
 Veggie Lovers Pack - Mexican Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! A Mexica themed variety to help fill out the dinner tabl\n(Max 5) 8.50$
 
 sure
 
 so do you wanna get one of those this week?
 
 kris dont cook. :P
 
 mom + us +kris yeah
 
 before they go bad?
 
 soo would we use that?  
 
 10.50$ for 7 dozen total. lol
 
 oh 10.50 for all lol
 
 like 1.25$ a dozen?
 
 cheaper at tortilla factory
 
 lol
 
 Tortilla Pack - 7 dz total: 3 dz 12 in. flour Tortillas
 
 2 dz - 6 in. flour
 
 2 dz - 6 in. corn - $10.50\n
 
 :P
 
 no clue I thought it was funny though
 
 wtf would we do with lemons
 
 um nooo
 
 hehhe.. want some lemons? rofl
 
 LIMITED QUANTITY \u2013 Lemons \u2013 Approximately 38 pounds of lemons from Mexico.
 
 roflmao well I guess just anything extra we dont need like more tomatoes or more apples we can give to the fire department
 
 after we get another one
 
  we can bake potatoes. lol we'll have 4 lol
 
 probably just a regular one if that. We still have so much left right now
 
 We like dem der kiwis. ;)
 
 do you want just a regular one
 
? or a tropical again also?
 
 and I'll order the basket tomorrow.
 
 ok.. I'll prolly be off around 4ish
 
 We could lol. Headed home. Thet are gonn\ttake me shoppinf when ur off worj
 
 :)  soo we getting another basket this saturday?
 
 hey girl...
 
 I have eighteen in my account but I was gonna use like six bucks to buy some fries etc with big bro and some smokes
 
 I took the 40$ and I dont think you put any back in it
 
 i have a dollar in mmy pocket
 
 in the book?'
 
 I dont have any cash
 
 credit cards empty. do we have any cash at the hosue
 
 lol
 
 need to find money
 
 get me redbull while your at it im dead to the world
 
 thats what I just said lol
 
 :)
 
 I'm tempted to come home
 
 grab money
 
 go to safeway
 
 get chicken
 
 and have you drop me off at work. :P
 
 well then get chicken and ill drop you back off at work when your done eating
 
 I want chicken now...
 
 they got held up and we are meeting at noon. 1.5 hr drive if you hit traffic
 
 grr....
 
 wtf?
 
 they are just leaving pheonix right now
 
 I need to know. but I'm hungry how..
 
 im make hot dogs again
 
 were apost to meet  at noon so i assume close to town
 
 is james in town yet?
 
 hmm... I want chickenn....!
 
 por favor numero dos
 
 dont forget to be back by noonish
 
 IM TIIIIIRRREEEEEDDD
 
 I really dont want to sit next to vinegar water and that only works if you know where they are coming from. it must be behind the computer cause I cant find the trail start
 
 vinegar water
 
 I kill them
 
 clear their trails nad they come back
 
 stupid ants keep coming more and more of them.
 
 haha
 
 fb drone you probably work for them secretly..
 
 yup
 
 what are you special or something?
 
 wtf
 
 but chat works for you
 
 but she'll have to do that also prolly
 
 xso you dont have it on your page
 
 leave it open and message her through that
 
 (real message not chat
 
 kateys is messed up
 
 but you can talk to her if you open up the message thing
 
 damnit why is it I can talk to you and not fn katey
 
 yup
 
 test test 123
 
 lol
 
 sugar ant is &gt;&gt;&gt;i &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; that big. sneaky fuckers
 
 ? how did they get in
 
 There are sugar ants ALL over the desk surrounding your ice cream. I put the ice cream away and washed the desk to remove their trails but your gonna have to do the rest of it
 
 im probably all anemic again
 
 i stopped taking my iron
 
 i just figured it out
 
 no clue
 
 Im sooo tired. I went to bed at nine. woke up at 6:30....9 fn hours. Why am I tired.
 
 Shes putting on makeup and doing her hair for the dm. Fucking freak
 
 Yeah his cars fine too. Hes driving a tank.
 
 everyone ok?
 
 Kris tbined a car making an illegal left
 
 I told her to fn call me tonight
 
 this is why she needs a fucking phone
 
 make that unstable katey fucking call or text you
 
 But no one ever fn calls my phone so I end up with "i guess you are busy. I really wanted to talk to you. Im just not ok" crap. Fn a
 
 they all know your cell number
 
 lol
 
 Apparentlymom
 
 katey
 
 erin
 
 shane were all trying to get a hold of me on fb last night
 
 Apparentlymom
 
 katey
 
 erin
 
 shane were all trying to get a hold of me on fb last night
 
 whats up?
 
 Also im never going out anymore. Everytime I do someone is trying to get a hold of me and yhey cant. Im apparently necessary for EVERYONES well neing. So I just need to stay home forever
 
 Katey tomorrow im not giving her a choice
 
 today has been exceedingly boring
 
 which basically covers the interest on it
 
 especially since i have owed him since....um about 2 years now and ive only paid him about 600 dollars
 
 id prefer to pay kelly when we can afford to do it. So if we can without screwing ourselves
 
 
 
 lol
 
 Curl up on top of you and go night night like a kitty cat
 
 want snuggles so tired. 
 
 perve
 
 haha sorry
 
 funny thought
 
 ive resorted to smacking myself in an attempt to stay vigilant
 
 no so not funny. Our children are dangerous unsupervised. 
 
 lol
 
 I keep dozing off sitting up
 
 whatever you want to do is fine
 
 I can think about it unless I have like a piece of paper and a pencil in my head to do math and I dont have the brain cells for that at the moment
 
 save us 50$ instead of 150
 
 or we could put 200 on the Star card.
 
 kk
 
 nothing 'due' atm
 
 vs?
 
 the TSP loan is automatic
 
 so 150 in gas can come out of the star card
 
 so.. 100$ to star card
 
 makes 215$ available on the star card
 
 remember
 
 gas gets put on star card
 
 yeah excerpt you have bills on there without pay we need to pay. like gas
 
 whatcha think?
 
 so the 150 luis has no accounting yet
 
 so 20 bowling 20 drinking each night
 
 because I still have a 20$ credit on my account
 
 I'm accounting for bowling as 60$ for the next two weeks.  which is 40$ a night
 
 right so you get 100.00 out of it every week and i get whatevers left? lol
 
 so our :P
 
 booze etc..
 
 You mean your spending lol
 
 because I didn't account for it since its not guaranteed/dependable
 
 and.. 'our' spending can come out of the Luis money
 
 I got it down to 1605 lol
 
 I fell asleep. How sad us that
 
 you there?
 
 which I was working on. lol
 
 gotta find people to pose thoguh. 
 
 lol
 
 Na ive always been that demented. The more prevlient pron is the less instences of rape. Gotta love porn
 
 carefull.... you are starting to get as demented as me. :P
 
 but it did lead me to decide that I want to run a porn company. Not really work IN one as much as RUN it. be in control and shit
 
 Watched doc on porn got annoyed its anti porn disguised as nonbias. Mentionung the women are objectified and acting lije they had no other job choice. Stupid heads. 
 
 kk
 
 Its a  start.. I'll work more on it later. but I'm off to lunch. be home in a couple 
 
 we have 115 available on the Star
 
 If we buy gas with the star card and put the "gas money" on the star card would that make a difference?
 
 :( tht would be why we have no money
 
 looks about right sadly
 
 heres where I'm at so far
 
 yeppers
 
 16431 total debt. hahha
 
 cause we will spend that money wether its budgetted in or not
 
 and "your spending money"
 
 your/my booze money 
 
 Kelly\nwhat am I missing
 
 bowling
 
  your phone
 
 my phone
 
 cox
 
 schoool stuff
 
 car insurance
 
 Marissa gm loan
 
 Van
 
 cadi
 
 gas
 
 Appraisal
 
 Vs\nTSP
 
 Star
 
 Capital one
 
 ---
 
 so..
 
 I owe kelly 4
 
000.00 and I pay when I can. His payments are 50.00 a month so I try to pay 100.00 to make up for the payments I miss intermittently. and my phone bill is 120.00 a month
 
 whats your kelly full bill
 
 and full phone bill?
 
 back packs etc plus clothes for adam....probably between 200 and 300 depending
 
 if mike buys rene's school clothes then....
 
 I'm doing an all inclusive budget
 
 total?
 
 what do you think the school stuff will cost
 
 i did she wont sleep without boob right now. shes asleep on my lap with boob move her and screams
 
 I've todl you how to fix this lol :P
 
 grr soph wont nap
 
 Im unsure what the fastest route would be
 
 or maybe I should get on Bill gates
 
 you should get on that right away
 
 
 
 I would lik a million billion thousand dollars please
 
 haha
 
 Adam and billy just got the stuffed animals taken away for pushing down over each others head \nAdam "No I wants it"\nme "Too bad
 
 not my fault you two are acting like idiots"\nBilly " No it is your fault! You did it!"
 
 you can but if you do add 294.00 for my child support income
 
 and I"m not including kelly or your phone?
 
 and you should probably budget in your "spending money"
 
 bowling
 
 your phone 
 
 cox
 
 school supplies and clothes
 
 car insurance
 
 what am I missing?
 
 marissa's ga loan
 
 Van tuneup
 
 ^cadi
 
 Transmission
 
 Gas
 
 Appraisal
 
 TSP loan
 
 vs
 
 star
 
 capital one
 
 ..
 
 I just get frustrated
 
 We dont have a lot of money. Our budget is all fucked to crap
 
 we have moving costs
 
 school costs
 
 car costs etc coming up and we are barely making it month to month and I find it frustrating.
 
 gonna bitch slap someone before the day is over....sucks to be you since your probably the only grown up im coming into contact with today
 
 love you too
 
 no im in a brutally honest pissy mood today
 
 mwah looove you
 
 you're in a fun mood today. :) lol
 
 Yay so I have to live with you moving a twelve year old down from god knows where that I have nothing in common with and will have to live with till I can piss her off enough she moves out (which trust me thats what ill be devoting my time to) in order to be allowed half of the shit you are. Yippe fucking dippee doo
 
 and once we get someone down here
 
 I think I will be less paranoid about you hun
 
 love you... 
 
 (there is no eye rolling emoticon)
 
 great choices
 
 Yay me. Thats like me telling you
 
 I get a bf OR I can go sleep with that guy over there repeatedly
 
 so I get a gf or some crazy twelve year old I dont know who is going to drive me up a wall because she has no clue what she is doing. (In real life not in the I wanna be an nurse sort of way)
 
 soo.. find us a gf
 
 or imma move amber out. lol :P  heh
 
 I'll try
 
 cause we have to do that next monthish
 
 while your bored though you should figure out the budget for next month that lets us pay all our bills. Knowing that one of my moneys from next month goes to kelly and the other should really go to my phone before it gets shut off. Also fourhundred whatever for the inspection
 
 &lt;3
 
 k?
 
 move
 
 get money situated
 
 then go to mental health if you really want to
 
 theres an order hon
 
 can we wait until we have a place to live that doesnt rely on you being in the military
 
 no
 
 I'm bored and want medication. lol
 
 gr I kinda want to go to mental health. 
 
 i swear imma put you on a picture budget
 
 if you want to get the damn computer get it
 
 but if we run out of money its on you :P also. stop "buying" until we get situated dude
 
 no katey wont. and we both know that
 
 :P so there
 
 and whiney
 
 I dont care if she has a plan
 
 shes twelve
 
 which means usless
 
 oh I told katey that she owas always welcome to move in with us but I figure she probably never will
 
 except amber. who I kinda want to get down here mainly because she will
 
 and she actually has a plan
 
 I will have the Xbox and the COmputer games to keep me from trying to buy people. :)
 
 wait until like july or august
 
 hey I didnt say no I said please
 
 grr. :P
 
 can you wait a couple months until we are able to pay our bills before you add another bill?
 
 We have no money phillip
 
 do you think someday soon I wont be tired and cranky?
 
 Soo.... can I try to see if Newegg will let me buy my computer? :D
 
 its an fn week man
 
 and we have like 20$ left on the credit card
 
 I just went to my car to get pliers to open my monster. lol talk about looks
 
 lol
 
 im 50 50 right now. Im exhausted and all I want to do is sleep. On the other hand I wanna go out in public
 
 and get into trouble. Apparently tired =I wanna get in a fist fight. 
 
 and can I read it later?
 
 in which case have fun &lt;3
 
 oonly if its someone I dont like
 
 I'm bored... can I demean someone into psychosis?
 
 the internet is really really great for porn
 
 yup
 
 just cause you dont know how to wrap it lol
 
 :P
 
 I still want one of those multiway long dresses. Then I wont ever have to buy another dress lol
 
 poor baby...
 
 Saundra is sicky
 
 did you take my smokes?
 
 we could stick a lit smoke on a fuse and put the fuse in Nicks fuel tank. BOOM!! no more car
 
 I think it would be fun
 
 can I light a car on fire? Or go key something? It seems like a great idea right now
 
 &lt;3
 
 Eh your probably one of those sneaky bastards huh? Ill just light their fn car on fire. I dont do sneak. Ill make sure they know its me.
 
 but you've never seen me scheme for revenge. 
 
 :D
 
 just like me
 
 people are evil manipulative selfish little bastards
 
 I told you that was what she was doing but noooo people are good and crap
 
 all I gotta do is ask Tiffany to start shit. rofl
 
 easily. lol
 
 but  if she did do a money grab and run. I can make her life in LV hell
 
 its easy to use one of those
 
 you have to remember I have outside fb accounts I dont use anymore. 
 
 Your interweb life has no effect on me
 
 lol you do what you gotta do crazy man
 
 loose
 
 so.. I have had issues with fb blocking people from me. so I will give it the benefit
 

 
 but its recon time... and all hell might break lost
 
 IDK shes hormonal
 
 you never knew with her before the instable parasite in her uterus
 
 I told you angela would so that isnt surprising and sammy does every other week and leah is pissed at you
 
 but sammy has had issues with it blocking me before
 
 because she was still txting me. so hopefully fb is beign fucked up
 
 sammy. leah. and angela
 
 who blocked you?
 
 people blocking me on fb
 
 uh okay so why has this week felt off then?
 
 but if not.. I get to be mean.
 
 hopefully facebook is beign fucked up again..
 
 I know why the week has felt off... lol 
 
 grr demon mother fn children
 
 &lt;3
 
 but its gotta be PINK!
 
 what?
 
 your a dork :P
 
 okey dokey 
 
 I want the castle pic to look something similar to these. :)
 
 putting ham in
 
 which I will repeat everytime I think of it until you get home with diapers.
 
 ALSO
 
 DIapers. 
 
 I can deal with bowling
 
 I can deal with drinking
 
 I figure it about balances out my shoes. but seriously hon
 
 4k for a computer. cant it wait a couple months till we balance out again?
 
 love you too crazy man
 
 brb
 
 meeting now... 
 
 I haven't put it in yet. I'll do it when I get home. :P mwah love you
 
 Im gonna go away from the computer
 
 have a beer
 
 and pray to god they decline you so I dont have to kill you k love ya
 
 we HAVE NO MONEY
 
 NO
 
 OMG
 
 seriously? WTF?
 
 got the computer build down to 4K from 5500$ lol
 
 the fuck are you spending 4k on
 
 I'm just curious. lol
 
 I'm pretty sure they will decline it. its on a 4K order
 
 Neeed to get finances in order FIRST
 
 dont NEEEED IT
 
 we dont need it
 
 well wed spend it on something else
 
 imma try. :) hehe
 
 but then youd spend it on something else
 
 if I dropped the TSP payment to what its supposed to be
 
 then the leftover would cover the payment for the Newegg card if I get approved. lol
 
 nope.
 
 yeah cause thats what we need. More bills to pay lol
 
 they have no interest for 12 months
 
 I'm soooo tempted to get a Newegg credit card.. 
 
 lol
 
 Im half tempted to see if mike wants rene early. Everything she says is "daddy" blah blah blah "not at daddy's house" blah blah blah
 
 lol
 
 cause a "tortnado" was there
 
 lol
 
 Rene says she has to go back to mikes arely so she can clean her room before they go to the "festibal" 
 
 grr you know what I mean
 
 too not too
 
 I hate feeling off. And I dont like that you feel off to cause then I start worrying that its us that is off. Not that I think it would really effect anythign but still I dont want us off. Good dont message her because she is checking it through her moms phone I think. That might be awkward.
 
 nope.. no stopping... I feel off soo...... yea.. lol but I haven't messaged her.. I am restraining that. :P
 
 :P
 
 quit 
 
 well Stop dork face
 
 but when i feel 'off' i tend to lose any moralilty I have
 
 I know.. I'm horrible
 
 I'm bored.. again.. and kinda want Katey to get unbelievalbly broke and give in. rofl ;)
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk\n
 
 and dont forget Diapers
 
 I found enough to get us through the day but we still need some before bedtime tonight
 
 okey dokey
 
 nachos for lunch
 
 also when my readjustment happens Im usually single lol
 
 No it feels better
 
 i think Im trying to readjust to my not pregnant self. But its been so long since I havent been pregnant/ i was never really not pregnant with this many kids so its taking a bit
 
 you up and dressed and moving may be what feels off.. lol
 
 I am still feeling weird. Ive got to get this situated. I feel better today because I got up and dressed and everything is more in order. But I still just feel off
 
 lol
 
 lol I love the shit that comes out of their mouths sometimes
 
 lol
 
 I put him in the corner for playing with the water 
 
 adam - "I mad at you"
 
 kk
 
 + the 500$
 
 819$ on the 1st  
 
 sorry waiting on the coffee to kick in
 
 DIIIIAAAAPPPPPPEEEEERRRRSSS
 
 DIapers for Sophia
 
 dont forget
 
 very very good things
 
 are goodt hings
 
 smokes
 
 lol  okey dokey
 
 Muah
 
 imma go surch through your cigars for something tolerable. If I findit I shall smoke it. otherwise ill just live for a bit onger. french fries and fishsticks for dinner. 
 
 mwah
 
 you should be so totally all your fault you know cause you arent tired at all either and soph never wakes you up and you blah blah blah blah blah. I dont een know where IM going with that. Its not like you can tell sarcasm from that side of the computer. &lt;3
 
 I'm sorry hun\n
 
 tired as mother fuck
 
 shes my dram queen and we never do anything and notheing ever happns and never never never
 
 IT MAY NOT BE PLAY TIME BUT ITS NOT BED TIME
 
 ITS NEVER BED TIME!
 
 last night aI partially shut her door to prove a point. and she was like THERES NO LIGHT EVER COMING IN HERE\n
 
 etc etc
 
 None stop i want mommy/I said no/why dont you EVER let me do ANYTHING
 
 Oh yeah
 
 rene?
 
 grrr little miss tude is gonna get smacked
 
 lol
 
 cause youve never really seen me unpreggo
 
 I think its gonna be a weird few months for us
 
 from omg pushover to eh almost not nice
 
 all the rests of you are varying degrees of niceness
 
 nah one of you is mean
 
 :P
 
 one of me is nice
 
 honey thts my job. Your the nice one remember
 
 I would purposely find vulnerable people and take advantage
 
 just to see the world crumble. ROFL
 
 at least I'm not in destruction mode. lol
 
 lol
 
 please
 
 like I restrict your free will. You got more rules on me then I have ever had on you :P
 
 depends. lol which one lets me do whatever I want? ;) rofl mwah
 
 You get a nice relazing day full of office drama
 
 I chase children
 
 clean house and try to stay awake long enough to not burn myself on the stove. I need my vices. When I was preggo it was food
 
 now I wanna be skinny again so that leaves booze or nictotine. Which one would you prefer? Adrunk or a smoker?
 
 lol
 
 home
 
 tired
 
 stressed
 
 and i dont want to binge eat so instead all i think about is smokes and booze
 
 and its not that hard to not smoke. :P
 
 lol
 
 a box out of our garage lol
 
 Im trying not to but f if it isnt difficult
 
 oh yea... we need to try to figure out what I am picking up the baskets with
 
 I might actually smoke one of your cigars if I go a little more nuts
 
 haha
 
 fn addictions
 
 Okay officially going to lose it. Im trying to do okay
 
 I know i have been smoking too much but my god
 
 and in case I forget you have to bring your own box or basket to carry it home in
 
 so its ridiculously early for you
 
 your normally not up until eleven on saturdays
 
 so not horrible
 
 pickup at 830
 
 You have fun with your tropical. That means earlier night friday so you can wake up in the morning
 
 and a tropical pack
 
 (hopefully 2 vanilla beans
 
 pineapple
 
 mango
 
 lime
 
 coconut
 
 kiwi
 
 fresh mint)
 
 a conventional basket
 
 30$
 
 all done and stuff. 
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk clements center
 
 Clements center is lincoln park
 
 6pm meeting luis
 
 I can't google because I can't highlight the damn thing
 
 elfman89
 
 apj_elfman@yahoo.com
 
 It doesnt show on mine cause im not logged in. just fn google
 
 they aren't listed... no pantano
 
 and no lincoln
 
 just look and tell me
 
 https://contributions9.bountifulbaskets.org/index.php?c=cart&amp;m=main&amp;idoffer=AAOFBZ90NA00001
 
 Its like lincoln park or somrthing
 
 i dont see pantano on the list
 
 which is?
 
 Fuck it the park on pantano
 
 go look... which site is closer
 
 Okie dokie
 
 that I showed you?
 
 so one basket and the fruit addition?
 
 Ive always just done one basket because if you get like three you will have three times as much of the crap you dont want
 
 the
 
 vt?
 
 I just get vt he basic basket everytime. The other stuff always seems like a good idea but half will rot
 
 we can get three baskets if we want
 
 what you want do I can order it
 
 go and look at the stuff
 
 and let me know
 
 Roflmao
 
 elfman89
 
 so apj_elfman@yahoo.com
 
 we have to have a card number.. wait..!  hehe  credit card.. I want fruit
 
 oh... dam... nm
 
 I &lt;3s you
 
 let me know what you want. 
 
 soo.. go to https://contributions6.bountifulbaskets.org/index.php?c=cart&amp;m=main&amp;idoffer=AAOFBZ90NA00001
 
 kk
 
 I get mulah like noon on friday
 
 I'm emailin luis now
 
 when you get moneys?
 
 Then get it dork but you gotta pick itup which means early sat
 
 Tropical Pack (hoping for 2 vanilla beans
 
 pineapple
 
 mango
 
 lime
 
 coconut
 
 kiwi
 
 fresh mint.)\n but but but... lol
 
 boo......    lol
 
 No we has no moneys
 
 hey.. are we getting a basket this week? from Bountiful baskets?
 
 lol
 
 complain complain complain
 
 so Im complaining now
 
 you didnt bring me ciggarettes :( and I forgot to complain
 
 we should pick that up someime soon as im pretty much out
 
 My prescription is ready
 
 and im old
 
 "they look ugly mommy" my childhood is ruined
 
 she cried 
 
 made rene listen to backstreet boys
 
 love you too
 
 muah love you
 
 :P mwah
 
 I feel like I should start taking them to the park or something but its not shit I can do by myself. Im used to being able to just do shit with the kids when I feel the urge to and I cant now
 
 I feel like all of my energy is just making it through the day and im spending too myuch energy trying to get a break from the kids instead of spending energy on the kids
 
 I feel incompetant and i dont really know how to fix it. maybe if we start doing things?
 
 not sure.. everything is just off
 
 cause everything is off at home right now. We are both so tired its all kinda gone to crap.
 
 mentally or with the current home schedule?
 
 everything just feels off.. not sur ehow
 
 we need to get resituated. I feel like a crappy mom because currently with the exception of breakfast our schedule has all gone to crap.
 
 your such a butt :P
 
 and then you get to go to bowling
 
 so you dont have to worry
 
 oh yeah well its on friday so you will be at work
 
 joy~
 
 Rob is this week
 
 Yen more lbs and ill fit in my fat clothes
 
 Lk ill put it on the calander. Im supposed to go dress shopping next monday. Still trying to figure that one out lol
 
 drivin sgt littleton to the airport next tuesday 
 
 :P
 
 We jas salad....its right &lt;&lt;&lt; in the fridge
 
 I want sallllad
 
 K do we have enough for redbull and smokes? Oh and I found five dollars worth of change roflmAo
 
 should
 
 You get lunch today?
 
 True true everyone keeps looking at me wondering how im functional and I tell them its no big. Except the tired. I need vitamin b and caffiene and elwctro shock lol.
 
 lol but she makes #5
 
 Roflmao I dont remrmber babies being so tiring before
 
 unless they were colicky. She sleeps so I shouldnt be tired :P
 
 about a month ago. lol
 
 Im trying to energize its not working. When did we get so old tgat eight hrs wasnt enough?
 
 mwah
 
 I need to clean their floor but im too yired
 
 
 
 I might do another one but I want to make sure it will be dry by bed time so I kinda doubt I will
 
 thats the fourth run across it
 
 done with the carpet
 
 rolf
 
 I wants it
 
 but anyways its a boob baby beanie
 
 is etsy not ebay
 
 amazona works but thats it
 
 no ebay at work
 
 http://www.etsy.com/listing/69199654/boobie-beanie-baby-boob-hat-boob-beanie
 
 i meant
 
 https://www.etsy.com/cart/
 
 188.4 boo ya
 
 but I dont wants to share lol
 
 I want some
 
 no :P
 
  bad chocolate
 
 no swiss rolls
 
 tell me no
 
 I am really having a hard time not eating that whole thing worth of swiss rolls
 
 Lol I know
 
 just wait till he gets laid. rofl
 
 lol she's jealous... its cute. 
 
 Like she got mad he was snuggling with alese. Whixh makes no sense
 
 lol
 
 I dont knoe like I.said weirdER
 
 and she's normally blunt. 
 
 I've bnever been called creepy by her. so I dont have a clue. 
 
 shes being weirder then normal
 
 she really does
 
 if she doesn't want to be with me
 
 then she kinda needs to go
 
 lol who knows. rofl
 
 I think the only way she will figure it out is if she isnt living with hi
 
 Keira needs to move out shes called twice since kris was here to yell at him about shit that doesnt make sense. Shes still treatinghim like they are together. Its weird.
 
 I told barb when Jessica is feeling better to let us know and we'll take her out to dinner or icecream :) Yumm... Ice cream
 
 thats about right lol
 
 so I figure thatll do the boys room 16 times
 
 I dont know how much
 
 Kris is getting the large size instead of two small ones it does 8 "average size rooms"
 
 lol
 
 make sure kris gets like 2 containers
 
 you have to buy that too
 
 what about cleaner?
 
 so its only 30.00 bucks for the rental so its not so bad
 
 :P
 
 I think we will survive just fine
 
 yeah and we have a whole 300.00 to get us through the next week 11 days
 
 luckily
 
 this paycheck is the 1st
 
 so there is the extra 500$
 
 and we still have 325 going to the tranny guy when he gets done
 
 kk
 
 joy~ lol
 
 Available Balance : \n$647.49
 
 yup
 
 fuck its 420 now begins the three million pot posts
 
 Im so tired
 
 kk
 
 she swept the girls room and mopped the kitchen and dining room
 
 and we are so not paying linds to clean again until she is out of the funk
 
 if she ever shows back up again
 
 thats what I figure
 
 :)
 
 ok whatever.. Katey can wait till we get paid to get paid. 
 
 cause this shit needs to get done
 
 Katey hasnt talked to me since yesterday so im giving kris cash to rent a steam cleaner from frys
 
 so Michelles at work and I cant wait any longer
 
 not both
 
 and he said you either get the car or the 3
 
000.00 ring
 
 is that she doesnt want to give up the ring or the car
 
 and the only reason she is still living with him since he is paying rent with his unemployment 
 
 lol whatever. lol
 
 lol she hasn't been with me
 
 or him
 
 so she's lonely. thats probably it
 
 keira tells him that she isnt interested in you cause you are "creepy"
 
 is pissed when he hands with alese
 
 Keira is trying to get him back
 
 Ok so according to Kris so take with a grain of salt
 
 shes still terrified
 
 no need to emty
 
 time for her to use the big potty again then
 
 well she had to have it emptied so she could pee fn anal retentive
 
 looks like she can go back to the big potty now\n
 
 im strapping bags to their asses like they do with fn horses
 
 today has not been a good day for bodily functions
 
 saundra picked up her pee bucket and decided to wakl around the house with it looking for me or lindsey to dump it
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2928633953.html
 
  why does everyone want to poo on my day today?
 
  seriously she just went through three diapers nd i had lokie a toothpaste tubes worth on me
 
 mean]
 
 taunter
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2933571038.html
 
 no she has dodge rampage
 
 isn't this your mums car? lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2940270529.html
 
 shes so tiny
 
 i dont know how she could make that much poo 
 
 it just kept going and going
 
 like a damn playdough hair growing machine man
 
 your daughter just shit all over me
 
 hahaha
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2942968995.html
 
 dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2960182478.html  &lt;--hehe  dump truck
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2907118277.html
 
 :D
 
 the camper doesnt come withit
 
 I dont like camper trailers :P
 
 this is 1200
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2942943752.html
 
 600$ and runs. lol
 
 :P
 
 theres a truck for you
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2942458681.html
 
 &lt;3
 
 full of it :P
 
 I was just asking. :P
 
 lol
 
 I really dont care.. its grocery shopping. 
 
 my time isnt up 
 
 well too bad
 
 yes you do care or you wouldnt be trying to get me to agree to send her with you
 
  I dont care. lol
 
 or me and you can go and get everything. whatever. lol 
 
 we will get everything I promise. :P
 
 it would be ridiculous
 
 or bread or milk or cereal for tomorrow
 
 and no dinner
 
 lol its linds so we would be guaranteed to bring home chocolate and junk food. lol
 
 it would be like sending monkeys shopping
 
 if I have a list
 
 I'll bring it back along with the random shit. lol
 
 yea.. we probably will. lol
 
 lol
 
 and will come back with random ass shit
 
 cause neither of you have any clue what we need
 
 okey dokey
 
 probably linds babysitting
 
 or take linds with me?
 
 so linds babysitting while we run to store for the milk etc..?
 
 also unless you will be steamcleaning you either have to cook or pick something up
 
 so tonight we need to get bread
 
 milk
 
 soda for me
 
 and god knows what else
 
 would have been useful
 
 being able to have her at least remember where she was so she didnt beat the crap out of me when I watched her....
 
 but I grew up with a grandmother that had had a stroke and then alzheimers and demensia hit
 
 I look at it like that most of the time
 
 I'm a mad scientist hun... I only look at the expanding my knowledge aspect. lol
 
 no more alzheimers
 
 think
 
 that would be awesome when they get it working
 
 look at my link I just liked. :D
 
 &lt;3 you NO
 
 NOOOOOOO
 
 No
 
 No
 
 I could get my birthday present tonight. hehe ROFL
 
 hmm lindsey? and you? :) hehe pwease?
 
 :P
 
 just not with family and friends
 
 You always get threesomes
 
 roflmfao
 
 you can keep the bourbons if I get a threesome. ;)
 
 :P
 
 so I guess you can have three bourbon and cokes
 
 for my birthday I got three beers in a bar lol
 
 depends on how much money we have
 
 I dont know
 
 what do I get for my birthday this year?
 
 :'(
 
 like your birthday....NEXT year
 
 maybe when we have some money
 
 ave you seen my moms knife drawer?
 
 http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16830111384&amp;nm_mc=EMC-IGNEFL041912&amp;cm_mmc=EMC-IGNEFL041912-_-EMC-041912-Index-_-DSLRSystems-_-30111384-L0K hehehehhee  pwease? lol
 
 I dont really care about knifes
 
 they are okay
 
 what do you think about the knives?
 
 roflmao
 
 okay I want both
 
 http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA0PA06K6752&amp;nm_mc=EMC-IGNEFL041912&amp;cm_mmc=EMC-IGNEFL041912-_-EMC-041912-Index-_-RemoteRadioControlled-_-9SIA0PA06K6752-L026A   oh... my... god....  :D
 
 what do you think? lol
 
 40$  because its on sale now. 
 
 http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16896616015&amp;nm_mc=EMC-IGNEFL041912&amp;cm_mmc=EMC-IGNEFL041912-_-EMC-041912-Index-_-Cutlery-_-96616015-L022D
 
 guess so rofl
 
 she makin up for lost time? lol
 
 lol
 
 shes playing with the baby
 
 lol make linds do it. hehe
 
 so youll probably have to later
 
 im so not in the mood
 
 if I do it now then imma break it
 
 I got everything I could out but I need a screwdriver
 
 oh btw the vaccums clogged
 
 not drinking
 
 drink faster then. ROFL
 
 I wiash
 
 you drunk yet? lol
 
 kk
 
 now to wait a bit for the floor to dry up then vaccuum and wait on the steam cleaner
 
 walls are done
 
 Poor ground squirrel
 
 There is a kitty stalking a ground squrrel
 
 nope. too busy sleepin. :P
 
 stalker. I bet you watch me while im asleep
 
 uh sure.....
 
 I'm bored. :P
 
 :P
 
 you just noticed something I posted in January.....stalker much?
 
 lol
 
 Only cause I loves you
 
 Kk
 
 save me some
 
 ohh   kelbasa. yummy
 
 But no pollock jokes runing around this house
 
 We has kelbasa
 
 lol..... and the racist comments are already flying in the room
 
 The boys have been bowling all morning mini basketball and blocks
 
 someones eating fried chicken in here. lol
 
 i might stop by safeway when I pick her up and grab some chicken. yummm... 
 
 lol
 
 Eating early lunch. Everyone was starving to death
 
 lol :P
 
 when i brought up Pirates of Dark water the first time you went huh? what? But you own the damn Genisis game bozo
 
 uj when old people get all religious
 
 lol tomorrows  4/20
 
 WTF?!  since when does 'god' help work on a damn car?
 
 ___________________________
 
 Had to wake up at 8 to go work on a car....toooooo early but got it done and had breakfast before 9. God rocks!!!!! Helped me with the patience to get it done quick!!!!\n
 
 ____________
 
 this was his status.
 
 your aunt barb just like a status comment by a guy
 
 smooth hon
 
 just stabbed my gum with a chip
 
 oooooowie
 
 im not sure if moms want the new one
 
 so she might stay so she can finish tomorrow
 
 but I'm not sure if she'll be done with cleanin tonight
 
 unless linds goes home tonight
 
 tomorrow then. 
 
 pretty much\n
 
 or.. your old one ;)
 
 well time for her to get a new one
 
 its been continually staticy and cutting oput for a week + 
 
 ?
 
  i only hear every thrd word 
 
 moms phone is fd the fuck up
 
 cause it makes the kid look like a damn head of a penis
 
 my mom always called them penis heads
 
 he would come back bald and she would have a canipsion
 
 LMFAO\nhehehehhehe   
 
 uh no
 
 then send adam to Marissa for the summer. 
 
 hehe bowl cut
 
 i can do the kids just not me
 
 with 5 kids
 
 and the two of us....  it will easily pay for itself. :P
 
 billy needs attitude adjustment
 
 what?  get her smart and stuff on hair
 
 and she can cut ours and the kids hair as repayment
 
 dork
 
 we should send her to hair cutting school
 
 under theagreement she cuts our hair FOREVER. lol
 
 it saves us money hehe
 
 you can always ask when she comes over during my lunch :)
 
 idk she cuts her own sometimes
 
 is linds good at it?
 
 im probably going to have to cut off atleast an inch and a half
 
 lol
 
 its going up fucking shit
 
 ugh its already tangled again!!! mofo split ends and dry hair grrrrr
 
 but but but pppppwease. lol :P haha
 
 so i wont get drunk then
 
 I asked afte ryou said that. lol
 
 she already said she didn't care. ;)
 
 u said if you were drunk you would be ok with it. hehehe
 
 dream on baby
 
 go go.. gadget... threesome
 
 my hair feels like straw using baby shampoo
 
 and i have to get new shampoo
 
 and we have vodka and the porn stars. lol 
 
 lol i still have a six pack and a half in the fridge 
 
 and bring lots of beer so I can get a threesome. ROFLMFAO
 
 yes with the grooming
 
 then you two can 'bond'
 
 :D
 
 yes i does
 
 you have the pass
 
 I know Katey said shed cut it but she has so much going on right now I should probably just go to super cuts
 
 u nd linds could go when I get home from work tonight. :)
 
 when we go to the store next imma pick up some dye
 
 I need to
 
 u could always get it cut and dye it NEON red. lol
 
 lol
 
 imma look like fn pippy longstocking
 
 i guess i have to start sleeping in braids again
 
 finally got it
 
 my hair was in a bun
 
 guess you slept weird. 
 
 Ive been working on it for like fifteen minutes
 
 but it takes up the wholeback of my head
 
 I dont know
 
 how? lol
 
 I have a dreadlock on the back of my head
 
 my grandma cleans her house before her cleaning lady shows up
 
 its a family trait
 
 my house can be dirty but not THAT dirty
 
 its a pride thing
 
 shes gonna clean. ;p\nstop helping people I'm paying. :P :P
 
 I guess I should get to cleaning then
 
 sounds like a plan to me 
 
 Linds is out of smokes
 
 so I might be picking her up on my lunch break
 
 getting her a pass
 
 picking up some smokes and dropping her off before I go back to work
 
 kk
 
 you still need to put your clean clothes away and bring the dirty clothes downstairs
 
 I brought the laundry up and piled up the dirty stuff I could see
 
 theres a problem there
 
 we keep electing the same morons to the house and senate who are blocking the good bills and passing laws about y vagina
 
 but you know what
 
 granted all presidents are idiots
 
 they all want to blame the president
 
 that would be my point
 
 the last bill they tried to pass had over 300 pages of 'earmarks'
 
 but the House and the Senate are ridiculous
 
 so we knew it was coming
 
 his campaign said he was going to do the Obamacare
 
 I dont have an issue with Obama. 
 
 and maybe you should take som
 
e blame for electing morons
 
 _________________
 
 A healthcare option that allows everyone to be covered (even ifyou dont like it
 
 it is there) 1 Trillion........ A withdrawal of military forces due to the publics RANTING requests and demands for it. Probabaly up in the Billions due to re...location costs. And when the public started crying WOLF for the over spending
 
 dont whine or moan
 
 it was approved not only through him
 
 but the House and the Sentate to take the money from the Military budget and the Social security. And everything else he has done or attempted to do
 
 the House and Senate are to F&amp;*$ing busy adding 'dogears
 
 earnotes' whatever you want to call them
 
 to the bills so they end up never getting passed. And the HOUSE and SENATE havent passed a Budget in YEARS!!! so when you go to look at blame
 
 and you want to blame Obama
 
 you HAVE to also acknowledge that there is no help coming from the House or the Senate and they are causing more issues than he ever will.\n(~there
 
 my rant is done~) ((Have a nice day :-) ))
 
 _______________
 
 I put
 
 put 'and what exactly did we get for the money?'
 
 and my aunt (bible thumper)
 
 ok its a picture of obama that says 'the five trillion dollar man'
 
 why do you keep showing me blocked things dork face
 
 http://www.naturalnews.com/035585_Michigan_farms_raids.html ummm WTF?!
 
 go look at my comment on her obama picture. lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=619221999
 
 Tada
 
 :D mwah
 
 so send one so I nkow the last part
 
 the only emails I have left are nixabee
 
 send me an email from your phone
 
 Thats wgat youdid.last time lol
 
 7849198
 
 whats her cell number
 
 and I'll respond to one of your emails and sub her number
 
 no
 
 Lol dont you have her cell on your yahoo?
 
 (bathroom next to main entrance. )\n
 
 kk I'll text her when I have to go to the bathroom. rofl
 
 Kris has kahlen on thursday friday sat lol but yeah im fine with that
 
 and she can sleep on the twin bed downstairs or the couch if she doesnt want to go home that late. 
 
 ok.. what about like tonight or tomorrow maybe. so I can get her a pass.. and Kayhlen could come
 
 and the whole house needs to be mopped
 
 the bathoom downstairs
 
 the stairs need to be done
 
 the girls room is hell
 
 so any help is useful
 
 im still in the attempting to catch up from soph stage
 
 whenever she wants to come over
 
 hehe
 
 and when we go to move out a big clean. 
 
 and we can have her clean it like once every other week or so. lol
 
 soo... a week? rofl... 
 
 what? lol
 
 Lol
 
 lindsey texted me asking when we wanted her to come clean
 
 :D I loves you mucho grande
 
 :P
 
 saundra might die. i made her et salad
 
 kk
 
 I know.. but I can't leave here till like 1145 so I can go from the house to the appt I have
 
 no forgetsi
 
 so remember i has appt
 
 lol
 
 cause they skipped breakfast
 
 but they are eating their lunch
 
 demon children we have
 
 lol
 
 roflmao
 
 there you go i guess
 
 but now  at least I have a goal for saving on the cadi  for the future. lol
 
 too bad we dont have that. lol
 
 i can buy a new motor for 1900$  thats not bad. lol
 
 lol see my point.. need someone else. lol
 
 :P
 
 duh 
 
 hence the U in U-pull it 
 
 um...you
 
 now to find someone to 'pull it' lmao
 
 hmm I can buy a tranny from U-pull-it in tucson for 115$
 
 MWAH!
 
 :P
 
 cause this is a BIG deal
 
 youd damn well better
 
 :) love you
 
 fucking whiner
 
 cause youll get all pissy if im not nice
 
 out of the way before you force her ass on me
 
 well if figure i should attempt to get the i dont like her
 
 dont want her living with me and highly doubt that she is in anyway worth a moment of my time energy or money
 
 yeah....
 
 :P
 
 dont care about the money thats your issue
 
 so yeah
 
 ever
 
 or live with her
 
 so i dont have to deal with her
 
 want her to go away
 
 no
 
 see.. you want her here to pay us back in cash. lol :P
 
 uh No
 
 400 dollars is a LOT of pictures. ROFLMFAO
 
 lol well I'll get it one way or another.
 
 I never believe that anyone will ever pay anything back anyways so ive already written that money off
 
 nope im good with now
 
 wait till I get paid back. :P
 
 haha..
 
 a girl can dream
 
 ok then maybe shell get hit by a car
 
 she's not changing her mind. 
 
 the longer it takes for it to happen the more likely she will not come see so no speeding this shit up
 
 yeah no
 
 HAHA
 
 and them make her go to the market on the move with me saturday morning
 
 we could be dicks and fly her out friday night. lol late
 
 hopefully that will change. once she earns it
 
 Ever
 
 dont trust her with my kids...i dont even let Jackee babysit
 
 babysitter by monday :D :P
 
 lol :P
 
 if we had a babysitter i wouldnt care but five kids seems ridiculous
 
 sounds good to me rofl
 
 with 10$ lol
 
 fine I'll go :P
 
 I really dont want to go with five kids
 
 lol
 
 you can go
 
 :P
 
 well we can still go this saturday and see
 
 the stuff we need they wont have
 
 we have that in the bottom drawer from mom
 
 the only thing they seem to have at the market lately is cucumbers and tomatos 
 
 Thats what grocery stores are for
 
 cuz we need stuff for the kids
 
 and the ham hock soupd
 
 soo.. we are getting to one of them at like 745am? rofl
 
 lolololololololol
 
 fucking phone
 
 get the good stuff
 
 Kk I know mom always goes early so she can "get t gggggggeee good atuff"
 
 I still need to go to the title place and get my title switched on the caddi.. booooo
 
 those three places this saturday
 
 Saturday
 
 April 21
 
 2012 08:00am - 12:00pm\nSt. Pius X (1800 N. Camino Pio Decimo
 
 Tucson
 
 AZ 85715)\n\nSaturday
 
 April 21
 
 2012 08:00am - 12:00pm\nThe Giving Tree (4431 East 22nd Street
 
 Tucson
 
 AZ 85711)\n
 
 market on the move saturday
 
 Saturday
 
 April 21
 
 2012 08:00am - 12:00pm\nMost Holy Trinity Church (1300 North Greasewood Road
 
 Tucson
 
 AZ 85745)\n\n
 
 soo. what time is the market on the move?
 
 The market she can get for us
 
 the baskets we would have to get since she will be at the market thingy in theory
 
 now we have an account on Bountiful
 
 only accepts the contributions moday-tuesday
 
 no bountiful this week
 
 sooo do we have to be there or can she get it for us?
 
 Thats where mom goes early saturday mornings is the market and before that it was the baskets. They have early saturday morning shit
 
 Both actually
 
 and we need two baskets.. hopefully one will have stuff for ham hock soup :D
 
 bountiful. or the market on the move?
 
 which one?
 
 Which actually if we ordered today we can pick up saturday. The only annoying thing is its like 8 am pick up  at the park
 
 Rofl one basket would probably be plenty.
 
 6 baskets a week? rofl
 
 soo... one for you and one for me..?
 
 we should start bountiful baskets. lol
 
 "market on the move" is apparently what its called.
 
 Henceno fn clue
 
 Idk
 
 how does your mum get it
 
 I have no fn clue
 
 where is it
 
 whats the border seize thing called?
 
 Or the border seize.thing
 
 Bountiful baskets
 
 co worker wants to know
 
 hey.. whats the veggie thing your mum does
 
 yup
 
 Still low compared to thw van low
 
 it's getting raised. remember
 
 Probably  and im just not a biggo fan of the caddi. It sits too low I always feel like im gonna ger run over
 
 just so when/if I get to the point of selling her I have it all
 
 and.. I shoudl probably keep all my receipts. lol
 
 :P
 
 whats wrong with it?
 
 Not so much lol
 
 :P
 
 you know you'll wanna drive her when she's done
 
 Okie dokie is your car so whatever you want
 
 so once the tranny is good we should be good to go
 
 because the carbs good now (except when it gets bitchy when its cold)
 
 Kk
 
 until we have money to diagnose the engine
 
 soo.. after the tranny gets fixed.. the cadi should be good for awhile
 
 &lt;3  :D
 
 I heart you mucho
 
 but ive read the story before
 
 well not with the picture
 
 yeah
 
 have you seen it before?
 
 I love that story 
 
 shared to my wall
 
 but if its his new profile pick then yay
 
 for mother of god
 
 dude he has fucking 420 on his damn page
 
 im not his friend
 
 cant see is blocked
 
 I got an email reminder. lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001474987684&amp;ref=ts#!/
 
 and how can you notice that i thought you had to leave your phone out &gt;&gt;&gt;there
 
 i cant see what you liked
 
 boo.. just noticed.. I have to buy a phone card
 
 you'll love it. haha
 
 go look at the photo I just liked. 
 
 rofl food not beatings
 
 smack? hehe ok
 
 I should probably snack them or something
 
 dumbasses
 
 they have each had like maybe ten bites this morning
 
 so I took their food
 
 they decided that they werent going to eat they were going to throw cheerios
 
 haha\n? suuure they are
 
 All the poor children are starving
 
 this whole place confuses the hell out of me
 
 lol
 
 jus tmake sure I can figure out where the fuck I am on base so I can get off
 
 ill drop you off wherever the hell you want babe
 
 ok
 
 I have an appointment
 
 ok... then when you leave
 
 you need to drop me off at a different building than work. 
 
 12:45 not 21:45 stupid keyboard
 
 1:15 which means I have to be to moms by like 21:45 at the latest
 
 wat time appts?
 
 :P whore
 
 grr mwah grr :P
 
 in the flat state
 
 there
 
 she has daddy money so she can get her paperwork and then get a job like a grown up
 
 im lookin for cheap tickets
 
 she can stay there
 
 eriously
 
 :P
 
 she can stay there
 
 no
 
 no
 
 no
 
 no
 
 and :P
 
 i thought you said monday
 
 plane
 
 huh?
 
 159$ for saturday
 
 sure....
 
 that'll help
 
 and I haven't been buying video games so i'll just keep not buying games. :)
 
 yeah but then add in your drinking
 
 its 18$ a week instead of 20
 
 I dont really like it cause thats 80-200 dollars a month out the window
 
 Ill deal.
 
 you ok with the league?
 
 its another free end trip one
 
 but this one is noly going to Laughlin to a tournament.   but I'd be ok with missing a couple
 
 June os your.trip.and my brothers wedding and july is moving. Your probably gonna miss a few if you start up
 
 the guys I bowl with just asked
 
 wat u think of a saturday night bowling  league starting the end of may on saturday night?
 
 And of course there is a cheaper flight always a cheaper flight
 
 Stupidness of course its in us dollars
 
 found a cheaper one
 
 lol
 
 Total Trip Cost:\n (All prices are in US dollars) $160.60 
 
 I dont know
 
 ?
 
 Home time
 
 yup
 
 &lt;3
 
 I should eat huh
 
 mwah love you :P
 
 Whatever its not going to go well
 
 with her getting here at like 8pm
 
 Angela will probably be here monday night. I have to talk to her later. but since her dad is coming home friday I can get a flight on monday for 180$ total
 
 You are such a dork
 
 ROFLMFAO jk jk
 
 fine.. I'll slowly convert Angela into a prostitute and I'll make bank off o her
 
 Lol um.....no
 
 fine... you can work at the Reef but you are a server with a 'buyout' option ;) hehehhee
 
 No syripping I know what I look like naked
 
 I dont want a teenager....i have six kids dont need seven
 
 hmm... stripping? ;)
 
 But point being remind me to do fasfa and sometime in the next bit I should go down to pima and register. Then start taking a couple slasses at a time so by the time soph is old enough for headstart I can maybe get a real job and not minimum wage jobs
 
 but think.. get a nice 18 yr old.. brain wash her. have her get her CNA or RN and we are set on money hehe
 
 lol
 
 I said one kid not no kids dork face
 
 hmm... lol
 
 I dont think we can have a 'no kid' gf unless we get an 18 year old and train her
 
 Gf with one kid not three to add to the finances
 
 Uh no
 
 but.. hopefully you and angela get along so her working and helping cook and clean will make things a little better
 
 time to bring katrina down to work. ROFL
 
 we need gf now. lol
 
 No its realistic
 
 welcome to a household of eight. Shit is going to pile up occasionally. I should really start looking at going back to school atleast online because when the kids are older ill need to work. The older they get the more they will eat
 
 because like 2 days on 6K is ridiculous
 
 Billy and saundra are stomping elephants lol
 
 time to start saving money. lol
 
 Thanl god remember I need van afternoon
 
 at least we have insurance now
 
 hopefully it isn't that much
 
 The eight hundred left goes to the caddi etc. so we are broke ^ up there I had her as part of the money
 
 because you are confusing me
 
 go sit at the computer. lol
 
 And I get the messafes behind remember
 
 I was talking angela I forgot the credit card part
 
 ?\n
 
 !
 
 what are you talking aobut
 
 Which is the caddi
 
 So that drops it to 600 something
 
 wtf are you talking about
 
 ?
 
 150 for your slut whore
 
 makes me feel a lil better
 
 but luckily
 
 angelas plane ticket goes on the credit card
 
 Magic
 
 Now we brokedy broke
 
 Now we brokedy broke
 
 wtf happened to it all!  grr
 
 Available Balance : \n$878.96
 
 cox
 
 capital one
 
 ww
 
 and the STAR payment just came out
 
 Kk i texted her when i woke up and told her I had the diapers the sippy cups etc
 
 because we have the money now so she can get paid in bigger payments
 
 sooo later today you should ask her if she wants to do the pictures or the larger loan (or the augmented larger loan)
 
 lol
 
 Everytime I message you the computer beeps made me jump twice before I figured it out lol
 
 I left it up for the pictures\nlol
 
 just take itoff
 
 it was up all night. 
 
 You left your thing up againlol
 
 :D
 
 Lol morning love
 
 morning
 
 Shw says ya
 
 what she say?
 
 tell her the &lt;(") said please ;)
 
 well ask woman :P
 
 Kk if shes ok with it
 
 so i can transfer the money at the same time. :)
 
 so you can help me with the shopping
 
 then we will get everything when I get home
 
 sure r
 
 lol
 
 soo.. when I get home I'm taking you and we are giong to the shoppette?
 
 might?   umm guaranteed. lol
 
 although i might need more beer i only have two in the fridge lol
 
 we have plenty and if we need more we will send you out duh :P
 
 yea\n:P
 
 d you need more beer. etc... etc.. etc.. etc.e.t .ceje.a.dfaj ljasl; fjk
 
 or or or or or oror
 
 or is she using lemonade
 
 ok.. does she want more than what I have?
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 its girl math dont worry about it
 
 so yes she is drinking
 
 I'm confused
 
 so is she drinkin or no?
 
 she doesnt know if shes preggo the texst come back negative but shes two months late
 
 thought she thought she was pregnant
 
 she drinks the foofy crap in your selection already
 
 soo. whenever i get off.   chicken strips
 
 cesear dressing
 
 diapers
 
 and diapers for sophia
 
 minus the lettuce of course cause we have that
 
 so ceaser salad fixins
 
 okey dokey
 
 to much work the twin and toddler in the bathroom are clean
 
 :P
 
 she doesnt want the queen?
 
 And then we are gonna put herdaughter on the toddler bed in the laundry room
 
 her son on the couch and her on the twin. 
 
 :P
 
 Um no
 
 Well
 
 Im gonna start gettting dinner ready for the kids soon then probably
 
 soo.... katey threesome? ;) hehe
 
 mwah love you tooo
 
 :d &lt;3 you
 
 roflmao
 
 like 2am
 
 you start getting texts. hahah
 
 you're just gonna start getting comments
 
 when I dont want to offend someone.
 
 hehe :)
 
 :P
 
 lol that is why I send the jokes to you.. lol
 
 Lol no she said she wasnt sure if she was uncomfortable or not. . . So I said chiiiiillll till she gets comfy is all
 
 i can send them to you 
 
 and it doesnt offend her
 
 you just give me shit. lol
 
 meany
 
 :P
 
 Ignoring comments
 
 for each? ;)
 
 50
 
 :P
 
 or.. enough for cleaning an dpictures? ;) JOKING
 
 enough for cleaning (how much)
 
 how much money?
 
 okey dokey..
 
 Something fro me you and katey for dinner. Like the chicken strips precooked and ceaser dressing for salad
 
 and.. heheheh ;) hehehe
 
 how much...
 
 Get cash for katey for cleaning shes spending the night
 
 what else
 
 soo. . when I get off work
 
 Im getting the van
 
 droppin the cadi. transferring money
 
 getting diapers..
 
 you read it all? lol
 
 Yep
 
 dumbass
 
 ___
 
 i know its is but i want to be the persone i was when i meet katey happy outgoing strong...me an if i can atleast be half the persone i was befor i know everything will b ok.\n\n15:21shit will work out an ill get me family back.
 
 Rocky
 
 ___
 
 ___
 
 WOW... He's an idiot
 
 SEEEE I'm being nice
 
 and mean all at once. heheheheheh I love being me. HAHA
 
 -----------------------------
 
 heheheh
 
 me-well fixing u is one hell of a step.\n\nRocky--i know its going to be tuff but i lost myself along time ago an i just became an angry persone i miss the old me lol.\n\nME-----well ask nikki I'm just as crazy as you
 
 if not moreso I can just control it better. so you may not be able to 'fix' you
 
 but dealing with it better than how you have been is a step.
 
 :D
 
 hehehehe..... 
 
 hehehe
 
 Ass face
 
 that makes it even better ROFLMFAO\n
 
 anD I'm actually giving him legitimate advice. 
 
 I know. but its really fun fucking with him
 
 if he wants her back the only shot hes got is counseling and even then its a maybe probably not at this point
 
 omg someone needs to olobotomize that boy cause hes an idiot
 
 can I slap him yet?
 
 ______________
 
 i know thats what im doing shes free she can do what she wants now will work shit out cuz shes my one an only i never wanted to b married till i meet her.
 
 rocky---
 
 ----
 
 ok
 
 then on the side noteit doesnt really matter if she does anythingif you want her back. you will work at itand deal with whatever happensnot saying she'll do anything
 
 but.. you can't try to control herif you want her back
 
 basically you need to chill the fuck out. from what everyone saw before she left you were manipulative
 
 controlling
 
 and mentally and emotionally abusive. so step back
 
 take a breath 
 
 think about everything and slowly work on getting her back.
 
 me---
 
 i didnt say shed do something stupid.
 
 rocky---
 
 she isn't going to do anything stupid
 
 me---
 
 i love her an i dont want to lose her to anyone else u know an im just scared she might do something.
 
 rocky---
 
 ohh but why.. I pay well. ;) roflmao
 
 Ueah no
 
 :P
 
 I know I'm horrible
 
 she can always take off more. ;) hehe haha 
 
 haha... 
 
 I loled
 
 Adam woahed her velvet sgetti strap
 
 ?
 
 Dude she took off her jacket and adam went "WOAAH"
 
 oh... it would be funy. lol
 
 No letsnot do that
 
 jk jk
 
 ;)
 
 I could always tell him that she's doing great on money now. ROFL
 
 and I told him it was creepy. lol
 
 i know. 
 
 I toldher he isnt making friends withher friends just what he sees as competition as he has yet to add me
 
 Andyes that is fn creepy
 
 Shes cleanin our laundry room
 
 I messaged him and said.. just so you know
 
 that can almost sound creepy. lol
 
 Rocky just posted "getting to know her friends...check!"
 
 lol
 
 Geanted iy be hood to know if I can drive on too
 
 Might be a good idea since the caddi needs a fix
 
 213$
 
 unless you just wanted me to take the cadi there and switch it out for the van. lol
 
 if it dont
 
 then get a new one. lol
 
 hopefully I get out of here at a decent time so we I can swing by
 
 pick you up
 
 and go get it
 
 and you drive the van back to the house. since we are all insured if they ask. lol
 
 we might have to go make sure your pass allows you to drive
 
 Ok good good.
 
 it was the starter
 
 the van will be done by like 4pm and they close at 5
 
 hoepfully I get out of here at a decent time and kateys still at the house. 
 
 sexy girly wifey of mine
 
 hey girly
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 bastard dont fuck with the retarded devil
 
 txt me. :)
 
 and its hard not to fuck with him. rofl
 
 well babe
 
 I'm off to meet the tow truck. Mwah love you\n
 
 --
 
 --
 
 --
 
 rocky-not my i love cars an working on themok cool good luck an have fun lol.
 
 well I'm off to go have my car towed.. txt me if you want.. 913-669-0172.
 
 me---
 
 (i have a word for people like her
 
 but you get mad when I "judge people" I dont know
 
 caddy nicean okwell let me know.
 
 ---
 
 rocky
 
 btw i kept trying to send before
 
 and hes an ass
 
 im going out saturday
 
 I like cars
 
 but am very very unskilled wit hthemI'm restoring an 89 Cadillac Brougham currentlyand I would have to get the hanging out approved through nikkiI think she was going to do something Saturday already..  but I'll check.
 
 me----
 
 LMFAO\n
 
 ---
 
 oh i know that know man u were just trying to help. do u like cars?? im not htat interesting to lol well my bday is saturday an i have no one to hang out with maybe we can meet up at a bar or something and hang out??.
 
 ---
 
 Rocky
 
 ohh........ my god..
 
 I try extremely hard at work to not sound snippy :P
 
 (and I wasnt)
 
 and when I said I have to be there to sign so the van can be released to the mechanics. she told me not to be snippy
 
 I have to make sure I cut everything close. I got asked by sgt macklin why I have to be tehre for them to take the car to the mechanics
 
 
 
 Shouldnt you be headed to meet the tow truck soon
 
 gettin ready to leave in like 10 minutes to go meet the tow truck. woo
 
 lol
 
 Yes he is. Why is it that people dont get that sex and love can be different things. You would think that in our society of one night stands theyd have that figured out
 
 he really is an idiot aint he?
 
 but he doesnt want me to 'go after her' lol
 
 :)
 
 if he gets specific questions.. I'll give him just enough that I can deny it. ROFL\n
 
 I know. lol
 
 Dont bw to specific
 
 dont need it out there in print
 
 What about she wasnt going to leave him for u or your in a relationship does he nt get. Sex is sex and she is leaving him and can fuck anyone she damn well pleases
 
 I wasn't trying to 'go after' her while you two were together. lol I have nikki. and what do you want to know about me&gt;? lol I'm not that interesting.
 
 me---
 
 God hes a dumbass.
 
 ^that last part is me
 
 Whatever hes still the decil
 
 LMFAO    OMFG
 
 yeah i had no problem with photos it was just the sleeping together part i was mad about hey i know me an kk a split up but can u do me a solid an not go after her im not saying u r but i know she is a very atractive women an im not saying u would but yeah lol so tell me about yourself.also dont ket her know i said that plz i know she wont but shes a mess rite now .
 
 Rocky...
 
 and apparently she told him about the 'large' loan
 
 my point. lol
 
 He doesnt need anything. Hes a douche. An ass and should rot for driving his wife to try to kill herself
 
 and he gets no info about her from me
 
 but I am only giving him what I want to give him
 
 I know.. 
 
 The fuck according to her thats not why shes leaving. Shes leaving cause hes always going off and berating her verbally
 
 making her feel bad about herself. About her sexuality yes
 
 but about everything else too
 
 I know. I have a weird fetish about helping people financially when they need it
 
 while still maintaining some control
 
 so buying pictures
 
 allows them to get money to help them
 
 I quote unquote 'own' them and no one else ever sees the pictures.  and everyone comes out happy. and it would've have been an added bonus with Katey considering she wanted to pose nude
 
 just because it was something she wanted to do to express herselfnothing malicious intended.
 
 me...
 
 ----
 
 im just not a sharing guy lol. an we r im just hoping i can fix things i love her an i dont want to lose her u know. shes means everything to me an i would do anything rite know to fix itan that is a interesting way to hepl ppl out lol .
 
 rockey....
 
 Vaccum vaccuum vacuum I dont like this word
 
 I know I was just telling you youd have to vac
 
 but we have a vaccuum
 
 i know
 
 It needs to be vacumed first lol covered in pollen from the rain storm
 
 I saw that on the fb
 
 so I told her we have an extra bed she can sleep on
 
 and an extra twin for the kiddos to have a sleepover
 
 she said she prolly aint going back tonight
 
 I wonder if shes still gonna live with him since hes obviously still at the house
 
 Hes weirds me out so bad
 
 nope
 
 And there is nothin abiyt katey on your oage even I dont think
 
 Creeeeeeeeppppyyy
 
 hehehhehe
 
 my response. ___yea.. I heard you two split
 
 or were splittin
 
 or whatnot... that blows..and the whole shit from before
 
 it is my 'interesting' method of helping people.. and that is why she brought it up to you.. because people in relationships
 
 I prefer to have the approval of both parties. .___
 
 lol 
 
 he aint getting no katey info from me. 
 
 --
 
 Delete delete delete
 
 hey. i accepted ur friend request. i thought id get to know u. part of me fixing things between me an katey is getting to know her friends so hit me up..
 
 --
 
 I just saw tgat and went......um
 
 The fuck dude
 
 rocky accepted my friends request from ages ago.. and is not messaging me.. creepy
 
 .kk
 
 lol well the tow truck is meeting me at the swan gate at like 1145
 
 best the van is working and I drop you off at work after lunch
 
 second worst I beg Kris for a ride
 
 you will have to drop us off at moms tomorrow
 
 so absoloute worst
 
 mom is going to be at home so she can watch the other three
 
 and billy has an appt to
 
 she cant take her without me because she isnt a legal gaurdian and mike will be at work
 
 then daddy gets grumpy rene. rofl
 
 tomorrows wed. lol have silvia take her. 
 
 no fun
 
 worst worst il have to ask my ex mother in law to drive me so that rene can get her tooth drilled
 
 yeah no cause renes tooth has been bugging her all week so i finally called. she really needs to go in. That was the latest they had tomorrow
 
 because the cadi was being a pain this morning
 
 or we're screwed...
 
 hopefully the van is done today. lol
 
 ?  a little short notice. lol
 
 Billy and rene have dentist appts tomorrow at one thirty. So we shall have to figure something out
 
 And redbull
 
 but im limited in amount I can drink cause of baby and im just tired
 
 lol you have soda
 
 Idk maybe a little but not much. I need iv caffiene
 
 since baby slept
 
 overall time asleep 
 
 Not really
 
 it wad like ten minutes over
 
 you overslept
 
 Not enough caffeine on this planet. I slept eight hours
 
 with only little wake ups for binky replacement. Why am I so tired?
 
 ??
 
 Home soon
 
 uh text... im friendlier that way
 
 at least you guys talk. lol
 
  she said shell call a different night and see if they are more talkative
 
 maybe you can call toomorrow
 
 apparently them callling when im here means quick call.
 
 kk
 
 txt her and say they left.. 
 
 or something
 
 they are done he handed me the phone and walked off to the blocks
 
 are they done
 
 or are you going to call back for them?
 
 saundra said "talk talk talk here" handed the phone back to adam who said I love you by and shut the phone
 
 said he didnt get desert
 
 adam told her he loved her
 
 he was on my phone
 
 it was really quick phone call
 
 I texted her saying a 520 would call her
 
 sure. lol
 
 should i just have adam call her
 
 I'll text it to you
 
 I have iton my phone... gimme a minute
 
 If shea ok with it give me het number or visa versa and ill switch pjones
 
 or the old phone
 
 I know.. you can always look up her number
 
 and ahve the house phone 
 
 I guess I could put the sim in the old pgine for a minute
 
 I dont really trust the kids using my phone. Itlkgo bad cause adam will want to hold it....
 
 unless you wanna call her on yoru phone and have her talk to the kids. 
 
 I'm sorry :P
 
 Sent saundra back from the bedroom to the table
 
 now rebne and billy want downsraira
 
 lol
 
 Ok whatever pain in my fucking ass
 
 so I'll call her when I get home
 
 told her I wont get off till like 6
 
 Huh?
 
 I know.. I put that. 
 
 When your off
 
 she just messaged me about when she could call
 
 Which means itllbe 8 there
 
 ty
 
 AlreAdy five th
 
 we gotta keep the kids up until I get home
 
 sunday
 
 crap...
 
 and saundra has the same on but will take bites when i tell her too
 
 especially since his whole issue is "Its green"
 
 there were no options when it came to food
 
 i told him if I told him to eat something he didnt get a damn choice
 
 i made him hysterical though
 
 he didnt try to deny it
 
 I asked what am I mad for and he said "putting the food under table"
 
 dumbass
 
 so he did it infront of rene
 
 cause rene ikes it
 
 gave brocolli with macaroni tonight
 
 I thought I looked yesterady
 
 when?
 
 scratch that adam might be there for putting brocolli in the under table thing
 
 lol
 
 they are eating dinner and then they are off to bed for being dumbasses
 
 please like keeping them facing a wall for an hour is easy
 
 corners till I get home. lol
 
 and im in pain and im cranky
 
 Adam and Rene are cry babies
 
 Billy and adam have no brain and saundra and billy are doing that minipulative crying thing
 
 and i want to 
 
 :P mwah
 
 cause im tired
 
 or I could just say fuck you
 
 its either east coast time which means get it done by what....noon
 
 then she either has to come over tonight or tomorrow.
 
 expiration dates are the day of last goodness
 
 exactly. I dont know what timezone it goes on 
 
 or if that expiration date is when its no longer goo
 
 tomorrow is the sixteenth dumbass
 
 yea she did
 
 last night. lol
 
 she hasnt said she wants anything
 
 expires on the 16th
 
 site
 
 and she has the sight
 
 you said tomorrow was
 
 but this is literally the last day we can do it
 
 just for the VS stuff
 
 then I'll take her home
 
 not at all
 
 but i do not have the energy tonight
 
 im glad sissy is back
 
 no
 
 or before
 
 whatever
 
 maybe we can pick up Linds after we get groceries
 
 so you two can do the vs
 
 or this is going to go badly
 
 we really need to get pull ups and put one on e her while she is sleeping tonight
 
 She cant poop in the potty though and she hasnt had a diaper all day cause we are out
 
 lol
 
 shes much more relaxed about it
 
 weve sat on the potty only four times today and she peed three of them
 
 now she actually will sit until she pees
 
 much less of one
 
 still throwing a fit?
 
 Saindra peed in the potty three times today
 
 Cant cooking and nope nope
 
 go to 11:00 and watch that dumbass
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;v=7gmXXo3NcjY&amp;feature=endscreen
 
 and she needs a damn facebook
 
 kk get her number.. we should warn her nicholas is free ;) rofl
 
 im ordering pizza im hungry and we have no food for me and mikey
 
 maybe my mom
 
 Idk
 
 who's got her number?
 
 No have number
 
 txt her
 
 and tell her to make one. 
 
 Roflmao
 
 tell her she needs one. :P
 
 well now thats not fun. :P
 
 I dont think do and I did
 
 and take an ibprofen
 
 does cheryl have a fb?
 
 But it hurts
 
 Idk
 
 what did you do?
 
 I fucked my shoulder up bad
 
 God thing ur cute
 
 Wtf dumbass :P
 
 ;)
 
 smile then facial
 
 HAHA
 
 stf?   sit then fuck?
 
 Eeew ok for them stf am I gonna eat
 
 make it SUPER mac'n'cheeze
 
 with the cheezewiz sauce added also
 
 macoroni
 
 But no where else delivers and I dont want to feed them noodles again
 
 I still love you
 
 :(
 
 Yes no salad
 
 ohh.. salad. lol
 
 theres the coke in the cadi. rofl
 
 $SAlad
 
 lol  thought you had soda
 
 Buy they dont deliver soda :(
 
 And im lazy/ atill have35 bucks
 
 Ppjhns delivers lol
 
 from little ceasars? lol
 
 im half tempted to do pizza again
 
 whatever
 
 three weeks
 
 :P
 
 not for the next four weeks
 
 I am stationary
 
 admiring your beauty :) &lt;3
 
 I dont revolve around you. 
 
 before it goes back tome and twelve girls revolving around you
 
 I want my six weeks of the universe and you revolving around me
 
 so there
 
 you agreed to six weeks
 
 meany :P  lol
 
 :P
 
 theres your first rule
 
 :P 
 
 no talking about it for three more weeks
 
 (now that you are more ok with her
 
 I want to get the list of no's) :D
 
 so that one thing is still my only limitation at the moment?
 
 :P
 
 nope
 
 :P
 
 im answering for her
 
 :P
 
 i'm curious
 
 I meant hers
 
 I know your answer
 
 :P
 
 no
 
 the question has been answered
 
 no
 
 a question that must be answered... in time
 
 lol. its still a curiousity  
 
 :D
 
 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
 
 NONONONONONONONONONONONONONO NONONONONONONONONONONONONONO NO
 
 NO NO NO NO NO NONO NON NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONON
 
 The answer is NO
 
 hmm.....
 
 but I'm not srue.... 
 
 she'd be spoiled... and wouldn't have to do shit.. 
 
 curiousity..........
 
 (I am not even sure if she was approved if she would be ok with it
 
 ) 
 
 hehehe haha
 
 exactly.. linds.. wifey #2
 
 so suck it
 
 unless they are your wifey number 2 they arent that kinda family
 
 in the house is family
 
 you are not sleeping with any of your fbuddys if they live in the house
 
 id even do a mfm for you ;)
 
 ass face
 
 darnit. :P
 
 guess I gotta get the linds sex out of the way before we move her out of your mums house. lol
 
 :P
 
 and angela is stupid annoying and from what i can tell has the brin cells of a rhinocerus
 
 if she lives with us no sex
 
 you dont date sissy
 
 I let a lot slide
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 nope
 
 and you'd get a bf. :P
 
 hmm.....
 
 so long as you werent fucking her :P
 
 if she keeps going well id be kay with that
 
 if not bye bye
 
 and if she doesn't   then she can pay rent
 
 with a cactus
 
 where her staying iwth us hinges on her actually helping cook and clean
 
 fuck angela
 
 and we can always move her in after angela leaves as a Nanny
 
 you will def feel loved. :)
 
 at least not for me
 
 /:P
 
 or feeling unloved
 
 money doesnt fix broken emotions
 
 nope
 
 like kris's couch. ROFL\n
 
 6K ring. I'll even get it financed. 
 
 not a good trade off
 
 nop
 
 yeah as well as make me mentally unstable unhappy and miserable.....
 
 I'd spoilt he shit out of you for letting me get linds as wifey 2 lol
 
 ohh.... :P
 
 im eating your quesidilla
 
 no dating marrying or relationshping linds
 
 nope
 
 he isnt big on size
 
 hes dated some fattys where I go :P
 
 you get a 6k$ ring when I get Linds as a second wife. :P
 
 roflmao
 
 when I get a 6
 
000.00 ring
 
 LMFAO
 
 well
 
 if this one is chunky
 
 kris has no worries. lol
 
 you totally need a guitar pick holder
 
 fun fun
 
 last I saw her was on a news report when we were like 18 and she had died her hair red and was a little chunky
 
 shes the one whose mom stole her from the abusive dad
 
 she was under a fake name
 
 I knew her in middle school
 
 25 maybe 26
 
 etc..
 
 age
 
 and how old is scully?
 
 http://www.krikawa.com/jewelry/body-of-work/item-detail.aspx?id=2152
 
 unless hes taking Keira but we ARE NOT inviting her to add to the weird
 
 I was thinking you me
 
 Kris and Scully
 
 no no no no no
 
 no no no no no no no
 
 look clearance lol ^
 
 http://www.krikawa.com/jewelry/available-now/
 
 i can give you awkward. lol
 
 LMFAO\n
 
 haha.. soo.. you
 
 me
 
 kiera
 
 kris
 
 and his gf?
 
 anywho
 
 so awkward
 
 now that he si dating my best friend from junior high
 
 we were talking maybe next saturday
 
 and Kris says we need to hang out
 
 :P :P :P: P :P:P:P::P:P:P:P:P:P:
 
 if I get run over ill hurt you
 
 well go to the comissary
 
 but fine
 
 it smells like the yucky frys
 
 I really hate the comissary you knwo
 
 and its not right after paydays o it shouldn't bee too terribly busy
 
 since we can use the food stamps there
 
 yeah would be good
 
 and we onl;y have chicken parts
 
 :)
 
 hmm.. soo commissary for meat
 
 fish is good
 
 fish
 
 what else do we need?
 
 we have chicken
 
 lol
 
 more meat
 
 snack foods
 
 diet food for me
 
 mor emeet
 
 sooo grocery shopping for what when I get home?
 
 there was a fb link lol
 
 haha
 
 :D
 
 its preeeeettttttyyy
 
 Ill take a walmart 12 dollar one that looks like it
 
 I get Lindsey as a second wife ifyou get that fucking ring. :P :P
 
 wtf..
 
 6K?
 
 http://www.krikawa.com/jewelry/body-of-work/item-detail.aspx?id=2932
 
 :P 
 
 fetch
 
 want
 
 http://www.krikawa.com/jewelry/body-of-work/details.aspx?style=566&amp;cat=9
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P
 
 back to the past samuri jack
 
 :P :P
 
 then burn it and watch on tv
 
 nope nope nope
 
 and I dont watch on computer
 
 I dont like 
 
 check the 1TB external
 
 I think I have it downloaded
 
 I miss that
 
 I wzsnt to watch the original agin
 
 ;)
 
 My names ducky
 
 yup yup yup
 
 :P horn dog
 
 yes yes yes
 
 'job'='income'  haha
 
 the minute we broke up he showed me the ring hed been going to give me and posted a pic of him with cash going "i was going to spend it on Nikki but..."
 
 ROFLMFAO
 
 its ok.. she'll have a 'job' she wont care. lol
 
 probably
 
 watch
 
 he'll get a job now and start making bank just to show off and try to make linds feel bad. lol
 
 and kind of an asshole
 
 just a crappy boyfriend
 
 he isnt a bad person
 
 he still is around occasionally
 
 I wouldnt mind if after he you know grips it all
 
 ROFL
 
 but you dont have any other sissters for him
 
 and keeping him around owuld be nice
 
 hopefully now everything levels out
 
 
 
 so its whathad to be done
 
 which I have never seen in 3 years
 
 its bad manners
 
 but he swears he has anger bursts
 
 well 
 
 she covered her ass
 
 
 
 thats an awkward breakup
 
 which is why i feel bad
 
 and if you start shit my uncle is here and the cops will follow
 
 or you can come over we can talk calmly
 
 then called him and said I can break up with you on the phone
 
 she had her mom and uncle ther
 
 I feel bad for him
 
 I expected more lol
 
 I'm glad it went smoothly apparently
 
 Is done
 
 well hopefully 'dealt' means done
 
 lol
 
 hmm... odd
 
 so what was said was "its dealt with"
 
 txt her and check up. :P lol
 
 it was translated by kris to mom then to me
 
 I dont know
 
 wow... how .. uneventful
 
 so its done?
 
 no shake and whatever it is is over kris got a text saying she could come home
 
 apparently the world hasnt ended
 
 has the house shook yet? lol
 
 :P
 
 obviously you can ^ so just :P live
 
 whatever you should be able to translate by now
 
 mikeys manga need be ordered tonight that will be his payment for the next 30 days
 
 full thoughts
 
 :P
 
 we need to order michaels manga when you get home so we can have him paid off for babysitting. 
 
 mikey was in the paragraph before the fuck you
 
 that covered three topics
 
 Michaels manga
 
 since MIKEY was not in that paragrash
 
 then we has babysitting all month
 
 what the hell.... umm full sentence
 
 for babysitting
 
 ?
 
 ok then when we get home tonight we need to order it so that he has his payment for the month and we are done
 
 it will be awesome
 
 :D
 
 and then ill get a gov job for being able to sneak in
 
 wont your coworkers be surprised by the show
 
 yeah ill go find me an id so i can get in that fortress you work at and ill jump you right there at the computer desk
 
 I'm wating. :P
 
 fuck me? why yes please. 
 
 thats what you get for not just typing fuck you
 
 :P hahaha
 
 soo much effort
 
 :P :P :P: P:
 
 3825 968
 
 def stuv def jkl
 
 fine 3835 968
 
 3 is def
 
 one has no letters
 
 nop
 
 2 is  def
 
 ???
 
 abc stuv abc jkl     wxy mno stuv
 
 look up what that spells on an old school cell phone. :P
 
 2825 968 :P
 
 :P bwahahahaha
 
 imma buy mikeys manga on the interwebs
 
 oh
 
 give me your card numbers
 
 hahah\n
 
 :P\n
 
 nuh uh.. I donwanna 
 
 so that he can spend his gift card 
 
 barns and noble
 
 then when you take him home you have to take him by barnes and knoble
 
 okkey dokey
 
 then tomorrow go to the appt
 
 so we will be able to get groceries when you get home
 
 So Mikey is going to spend the night again tonight
 
 okay well 
 
 lol
 
 http://www.mncourts.gov/?page=1898  just for you
 
 he wannnnnt to poooooooke you
 
 but hes a ken doll
 
 he looks like me after all
 
 didn't say it was. lol
 
 I can appreciate that hes cute
 
 :P
 
 Not on my side
 
 it would be easier for you to fuck him
 
 get it out of your system 
 
 then go to wha tyouhave now.. which is still mildly thick with sexual tension when you two are within arms reach
 
 why?
 
 then id probably not talk to him
 
 imagine if he was your 10
 
 lol 
 
 but the fact that he isnt my type helps that
 
 No
 
 if he werent my brother I could have done a one night stand
 
 and you know it
 
 only because you made yourself think that
 
 "icky icky caca"
 
 and... 
 
 I have too much puritan prude in me for that shit
 
 if it were going to go crazy like the article it would have gone with James
 
 Yeah no
 
 so when your mental block thing goes into overdrive trying to make up for lost time and you get phyisical with her
 
 we can have a good old threesome. rofl
 
 lol
 
 DONT KNOW HER NAME
 
 well go find her
 
 you can sleep with her
 
 and I would prolly go.
 
 ok and after that can we? ;)
 
 I have a bio sister
 
 but as Ive never met her
 
 and have no idea even of her name
 
 If she were my bio sister Id tell you to jump off a cliff
 
 but... prolly not
 
 if you had a bio sister
 
 I might have cared a lil more
 
 and my uncle "dumb and horny"
 
 it just made her a "slut"
 
 most people would just think it was weird
 
 like they did when my now aunt left my dad for my uncle
 
 well and i completely understand that not everyone believes the whole thing like I do where its an issue. Im probably one of the few who thinks its "gross and icky" instead of just weird or rude
 
 and since I dotn hvae a sibling attachemtn
 
 its another reason why Kiera
 
 Linds and you dont bother me
 
 ok
 
 just curious
 
 and when it comes to things that the brains uses itself to place a barrier this is the easiest one to research
 
 I like to see how the brain works
 
 but other than that no reason
 
 the no attachement siblingly to my sister makes more sense. 
 
 but this seems to be something you keep going back to
 
 so im simply curious...is there a reason for that? or is it just something weird that stuck in your head
 
 I dont mind
 
 I get that its kind of interesting
 
 and god knows I google the shit out of the most random stuff.
 
 I dont get why you are so ....insert word here... by it
 
 and what is your obsession with sibling sex&gt;?
 
 ahh..
 
 Tucson Central Pediatrics
 
 Dr Frisby is off Speedway and pima
 
 different place
 
 No sophs doc not mine
 
 get there
 
 in the garage. and push it back into a spot. lol
 
 lol
 
 back of their parking lot
 
 where the hell are we gonna park? lol
 
 :)
 
 interesting
 
 http://www.wisegeek.com/what-is-genetic-sexual-attraction.htm
 
 cause sophs app is 8:45 tomorrow morning
 
 ok then we can have mikey babysit and then we can take her to the appt
 
 yup cuz todays a 12 hour day
 
 Your off tomorrow?
 
 then normal
 
 off monday
 
 Whays you s ch edule this week?
 
 Love ypu too
 
 ... but... its soo much damn fun.lol
 
 and I know I'm mentally disturbed
 
 Love you :)
 
 Cause you were gonna do it anyway :P
 
 so you arent effected as much by me diong shit with her. :)
 
 and its a good thing you and linds are back
 
 okey dokey. mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 Okay well imma sneak and beat children/smoke bbl
 
 :P
 
 beyond my friends
 
 youve really got to expand your circle of girls
 
 rofl horn dog
 
 unless you've had like 6 beers and then I can get a threesome. hehehe
 
 no dating linds. :)
 
 Nope
 
 yeah right
 
 and uncomfortable
 
 if I can't date her
 
 we cna make sure that it doesnt edge any closer. :)
 
 is just weid
 
 and you dating someone who was my friend BEFORE you started dating
 
 because it edges closer to dating
 
 how is it awkward?
 
 pictures are whatever but the sex part gets awkward when you repeat 
 
 It just gets awkward after that point
 
 just because thats how it is with all my friends
 
 itd still be a one time sorta thing
 
 so I can't date linds.. but I can pay her for stuff basically wheenver?
 
 muah back meany
 
 awe the boys are gay no grandbabys :(
 
 im torn between sooooo cute and
 
 the boys are laying on the floor
 
 one big bed
 
 basically playing tickle fight
 
 Mwah mwah mwah mwah
 
 Just let me be annoyed  when your stupid head
 
 its so not fair
 
 why you gotta ruin a perfectly called for rant
 
 forrrrrrrrrrrrever :D
 
 love you too
 
 :D  love you
 
 :P Dork
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPoWVOQX2Ls
 
 and whatever do what you want with keira (after the 6 weeks) but only after you sit down and get Kris' permission and when it all blows up in your face I will take great pleasure in your stupidity
 
 your an ass
 
 oh..   why not? rofl
 
 lol
 
 you are NOT DATING LINDSEY
 
 :D MWAH love you
 
 theres someone else I'd date
 
 but that might be wierd fo ryou. ROFL
 
 because them living together will make it worse 
 
 My vote is NO way in fuck
 
 to be quite honest I dont like it
 
 I dont think that makes it any better
 
 she texted asking if we could still see eachother because of the whole her and kris breaking up. because they are still living togehter
 
 they are living together still only for Kahlen
 
 according to Kris (who is now "not not dating" my best friend from junior high school)
 
 ugh
 
 kiera...
 
 soo... 
 
 :D
 
 you so cutesy
 
 mwah
 
 awe
 
 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii\n    iii
 
 but... it got messed up. lol
 
 it did say I &lt;3 U
 
 :) :) :) :) :)      :) :)    :) :)         :)         :)\n       :)            :)      :)      :)       :)         :)\n       :)             :)            :)         :)         :)\n       :)               :)        :)           :)         :)\n:) :) :) :) :)          :)    :)             :) :) :) :)\n                               :)
 
 looki its raining love
 
 ?  wierdo... 
 
 I got bored
 
 &lt;3                &lt;3       &lt;3         &lt;3        &lt;3 &lt;3\n&lt;3             &lt;3   &lt;3        &lt;3   &lt;3         &lt;3\n&lt;3           &lt;3        &lt;3      &lt;3  &lt;3         &lt;3 &lt;3\n&lt;3              &lt;3  &lt;3               &lt;3 &lt;3     &lt;3         \n&lt;3
 
 that wedding picture of mum and Allen
 
 but.. I have Allens body type..
 
 &lt;3 
 
 &lt;3 
 
 lol
 
 I look like mum with dads nose. 
 
 are you sure your mom and dad arent related?: :P
 
 that pic ^
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151196106700344&amp;set=a.10150256153930344.504567.634335343&amp;type=3&amp;theater
 
 Id ont know I see quite a few facial similarities in 
 
 and less gut
 
 lol
 
 I just have blue eyes
 
 Imma be closer to allen
 
 no :P
 
 it looks like you/sissy so does that mean in a few years youll look like your mom
 
 todl you :)
 
 its only a little disturbing
 
 I just tagged you in a comment
 
 you should go look at my mums picture
 
 nope just dirty diapers and rotting food
 
 ehh.. at least ours doesnt smell like old dog
 
 and rotting food. :P
 
 we need air freshners 
 
 demon children
 
 and what is the first thing mom said when she walked in. . . your house smells take out the garbage.
 
 lol
 
 ass not as
 
 bastard as vs
 
 there go finally worked
 
 just about dday
 
 LMFAO
 
 soo.. the world should end any time now?
 
 It should be enough time to unlock it
 
 try VS again
 
 cuz you dont wanna go back to your mums. lol
 
 good thing you're stuck with me
 
 I didnt leave mike till the month before Renes first birthday
 
 at least baby at least :D to be fair I had a kid with you. So that means I cant leave for ATLEAST another 11 months
 
 so.... we're almost at a year... I have more than 6 months befor eyou leave right? ;) 
 
 who knows... maybe it'll crush hes spirit
 
 maybe he'll mellow out more after getting actually dumped. lol
 
 lol
 
 Trick blocked nick and reported him as an old account in need of deletion
 
 rofl well ill be sure to tell her that in an hour or two
 
 she should still come over tonight so we can order the VS before the card expires tomorrow
 
 shes probably going to go stay with her mom for a little bit
 
 i dont know when she is coming over
 
 we will have to see
 
 roflmao yeah right
 
 and drink
 
 and coming to the house tonight or tomorrow so you two can VS it up? lol
 
 soo.. she's breaking up today
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk
 
 yes... wilmot
 
 and michael just told billy that his brain is in his ass. So guess what billy is saying
 
 are they supposed to use the Wilmot gate?
 
 no 
 
 kayhlen at the house yet?
 
 Idk I assume when he gets there at 11
 
 when is she doing it today?
 
 lol
 
 and they would probably be better for my feet :P
 
 lol but you would feel a LOT better in the VS shoes.. haha
 
 :P
 
 and nope not high maitenance cause I could still wear walmart shoes
 
 and actually have a sole to them instead of just thin plastic
 
 Actually im debating but I decided if Ii spent 50 vs 10 then they should last longer right?
 
 same brand as my boots
 
 hhahaha
 
 I just made you HIGH maintanence. ;) hehe
 
 ballet flats... for 50?  
 
 cause ones a sandal and the other is ballet flats
 
 and its depressing
 
 the shoes are 100.oo for two pairs
 
 and the shoes are 156$? rofl
 
 lol
 
 I NEED the shoes
 
 but I just love the shoes
 
 I like the shoes
 
 okay got rid of the shirt that I dont like as much so its down to 156.00
 
 so it'll depend
 
 we'll need you both at the house looking together
 
 with me there so I can do the purcahse in the end of it
 
 make sure the money's good all the way arouned
 
  and I think its 75 off on 250
 
 yea we will prolly only get like 40-50$ off total from the cards.
 
 I found two pairs of shoes and two shirts that I want
 
 but it comes up to 196.00 before tax or shipping.. :( so I have to get rid of some stuff. Especially if sissy wants anything
 
 ill try again tomorrow
 
 doesnt work. probably pissed it off
 
 Username: ELFMAN89\nPassword: elfman89\n
 
 but either way
 
 you can go when you get off work :P if hes here then yeah I wanna go
 
 if he ends up staying that long I dont know
 
 as soon as I get off work?
 
 tonight
 
 since Mikey will be there?
 
 we really need to go to the grocery store
 
 and we need t buy the damn dish detergent and garbage bags. 
 
 :P :P
 
 rofl haha not his job
 
 mikey :)
 
 and we need to buy a diaper genie or two
 
 idk but you really need to take the garbage out. the whole house stinks
 
 rofl
 
 the only family member left for him to date other than cheryl is Kris 
 
 soo
 
 what do you think the fallouts gonna be
 
 oh fuck
 
 (and the cheryl thought is messed up even for me
 
 but it would be hysterical... he starts dating her
 
 and about a month into it
 
 we let him know that I fucked her too. and his world would implode)
 
 what did he say when you told him?
 
 stayin are you fucking kiding me i didnt even give him a choice
 
 mikey stayin
 
 or goin home?
 
 of course nene was alredy coming over
 
 gross
 
 and I love aunt cheryl but god
 
 ok.  and nene?
 
 shes gonna have Kris drop her off
 
 sissy is doing it today btw
 
 she just called me to watch kahlen
 
 I had a messed up thought/mental image about how I should fuck her before lindsey breaks up with nicholas
 
 so when he goes to her (because its guaranteed to get a gf)  its already been 'contaminated'
 
 cheryl 
 
 you kow your aunt that wants to bone nicholas?
 
 really? what
 
 I just had the most fucked up thought I think I have ever actually had. lol
 
 go to 'forgot password'
 
 I thoguht that was just on the angelcard site
 
 ELFMAN89
 
 u sure thats what it is on the actual site?
 
 unless you changed your username though I know its elfman whatever
 
 what is saved?
 
 i was on searching so i thought about it
 
 for username
 
 try apj_elfman@Yahoo.com\nor apj_elfman
 
 i wasnt really worried about it
 
 oh well
 
 sad face
 
 I can't go tot he vs site here
 
 nopers
 
 maybe it'll log you in
 
 now click on the victoria secret link 
 
 scroll up .:P
 
 i told you that
 
 238.00
 
 ELFMAN89\nPassword1
 
 www.vsangelcard.com
 
 go to the credit card sight
 
 so there
 
 uh uh
 
 so it doesnt matter even if you have the right one now
 
 and by now you already locked it
 
 
 
 so dont assume it'll be right
 
 the computer fucked up most of the saved passwords
 
 and the one saved on there doesnt work
 
 nope neither is right
 
 lol\n
 
 the angel credit card site is Password1
 
 or elfman1989
 
 that one is probably elfman89
 
 vs 
 
 Current Credit Limit Available: $238.00  
 
 vs? or the angel card?
 
 what site are you on&gt;?
 
 idk
 
 nopers
 
 try that
 
 elfman3!FM4N!
 
 password is incorrect
 
 nope
 
 username ELFMAN89
 
 it should be the Password1
 
 its not the saved one
 
 you changed your vs password
 
 That it is
 
 well the van is getting fixed on Tuesday. lol so money on monday is good
 
 true..
 
 you always forget you are picking it up
 
 what do you mean?
 
 Thatd be nice. We really need to come up a better money getting from louis system
 
 hopefully he does like 200$  and that will cover the Van. :D
 
 Oh ok I was so confused
 
 lol
 
 luis
 
 What? You got paid friday
 
 forgot tomorrows monday
 
 ohh :) I get paid tomorrow. hehe
 
 and I have the mystery card. and a 20$ off card
 
 I think there is like 200 left on the credit limit
 
 kk
 
 see if you can get in touch with sissy today. so you can both order something
 
 so we can use the rewards card before it expires...
 
 Only baggy blouses and s+oes till skinny
 
 soo.. what do you have planned for your next vs purchase?
 
 meany mean y poopoo head
 
 :P no
 
 pay attention :P :P :P
 
 :P
 
 I can't afford the computer
 
 I just said that
 
 You wanna buy a computer no angela. Either or not both :P
 
 what?
 
 No
 
 rofl
 
 then pay it off again. 
 
 order her ticket
 
 
 
 or.. pay off the credit card.
 
 and we could pay the credit car off over like the next 2 months
 
 No no no no no
 
 so that would consolidate that price
 
 we can pay off the capital one card
 
 and use that to book angelas plane ticket
 
 although.... technically.... 
 
 Fucking broke see
 
 its sad... 6000$ loan
 
 and I can't even find a way to spend 1300$ on a computer. lol
 
 so 730$ remaining
 
 Funny how money makes us broker
 
 ahh... Capitol One
 
 fine. 1030$ lol
 
 100 for ww dork face
 
 And screw angela shws a bitch
 
 now its 1K. 
 
 130$ fo ryour weight watchers
 
 1130$ left (ish)
 
 already accounted insurance
 
 And car insurance
 
 And I spent over my ww money
 
 here*
 
 about 550$ angela moving her hear
 
 Assuming like 400$ tranny cadi
 
 Then the caddi and van
 
 $200 starter van
 
 hmm...
 
 so that leaves us with $2280?  
 
 About right
 
 off the top of my head
 
 $3720
 
 250$   Cox
 
 And I gwet one of everything and what I dont want I will sell
 
 3
 
000$ my grandparents
 
 100$ marissa's gparents
 
 (thinking out loud)
 
 insurance will be like 150$
 
 vs is 100$ min
 
 we owe a min of like 120$ on STAR
 
 lol
 
 Lol I offered her use of our card to help her buy shit she wants occasionally. You offer more thats your issue :P
 
 since I'm buying for both of you now. :P
 
 so what are you getting
 
 and what is linds getting.? :P
 
 Ii could send you a link to the whoat I want. Ill just send you the website
 
 www.victoriassecret.com. Everything on there
 
 we will get it when you get your comp
 
 because I have the processor that I want
 
 it would be considered a budget high performance build
 
 I even went cheap
 
 why not?
 
 Nope nope nope
 
 on the computer stuff I want. :)
 
 Sent you an email 
 
 :P
 
 Rofl awe she just needs to lose the bra
 
 thats what our german teacher did. Boys were all over it
 
 and hows she's too white for her 8th graders to hit on her. 
 
 Rofl no uh
 
 LMFAO
 
 so I could call him big papi
 
 we also talked about how you two get mistaken for couples
 
 and how me and him did
 
 I'm not. 
 
 Omg stoo hitting on all my sister in laws
 
 we think
 
 that you will be mistaken for a couple when he says.. (I'm not sure about those lines.... try this one on hun)
 
 nd diet soda
 
 me and rachel are talking about you and james going dress shopping. ROFL
 
 I want salad!!
 
 okey dokey
 
 We need to get groceries sooo bad
 
 the racecar is now in the laundry room
 
 they may need hospitalization and electro shock therapy
 
 our sons are actually retarded
 
 I just caught adam and billy standing ontop of thr racecar trying to climb onto the banister
 
 Fine
 
 :P
 
 we get katey
 
 katey. :P ther
 
 :P
 
 nope
 
 is the rule
 
 um yes
 
 hmmm nope
 
 Nannys have to be fat and ugly
 
 ohh why  no lizle? lol
 
 No lizle
 
 Our sons are going to give me a stroke. They are stupid cant help themselves
 
 but why youwant nanny?
 
 too bad I can't hire Lizle. lol
 
 why?
 
 Omg I want a nanny
 
 Know that duh
 
 I'm fucking insane. :D  hehe
 
 Crazy ass
 
 lol
 
 you're point?
 
 duh..
 
 Our sons are dumb.
 
 Uh huuuuuh
 
 :P :P :P
 
 nuh uhh...
 
 Your the one that forced mornibg sex
 
 :P
 
 Totally is dorko
 
 not my fault
 
 den dont stand up. :P
 
 I laid down on the couch with sophia and then tried to stand up and thing s pulled
 
 ?
 
 My coochy just acreamed omg Nooooooo
 
 Omg we are not having swx today or ever again.
 
 lol
 
 I think your mom tried to add me as a family member but it wont load. Aslo....weird
 
 Adam got swatted for hitting billy...so he stormed upstairs
 
 billy was in the room so he screamed at him to get the fuck out then smacked him...two fn seconds after he got in trouble for hitting him the first time.
 
 I want to eat more. Its sooooo hard not toeat over much.
 
 So there :P
 
 And seriously this mrvhanic bliws
 
 I said that dirk.
 
 andI heard the van coming. so :P
 
 I will give you the van
 
 mainly cause by the time it started broking I stopped listening  :P &lt;3
 
 cause when I tell you you are crazy you dont listen to me
 
 this is why i ignore you when you talk to me about cars
 
 yeah...cause thats NEEEEVVVVER happened
 
 girls... shhhhh
 
 not as in you ran over it right then
 
 like you ran over it last week or something
 
 no i meant you had run over something and damaged the hose...then it simply wore away and chose that moment to break
 
 didn't run over anything
 
 soo.. car not moving
 
 you said (you ran over somethiing)
 
 and my phone is haunted
 
 and hes still a stupid head
 
 im just confused now
 
 if it was running the water would still be pumping
 
 what does that have to do with anything?
 
 the car wasn't moving
 
 its not cracked
 
 by someone who missed a crack
 
 the hose was recently replaced
 
 the hose was checked like a month ago
 
 and the car had been sitting for four months
 
 its a hose
 
 in TUCSON where shit does that
 
 whatever it cracked. You ran over something. or he stabbed it
 
 its a newer one
 
 so its not like an old radiator hose blew
 
 I was thinking about how eventually i want us to be able to have relationships with other people where we actually dont mind the other persons other person but i didnt have the phone in my hand
 
 the hose was pretty much new
 
 girls shhh
 
 because  the hose blowing doesnt just mean it blew
 
 Btw wtf is he researching why it broke. Hoses break. Hes weir
 
 you phone wants us to be good?
 
 something you wanna talk about?
 
 lmao
 
 No I didnt even have my phone it was next to the pizza.
 
 or someone else?
 
 are you talking to katey?
 
 I..dont fucking know
 
 I have no idea and I dont remember sending it
 
 oye... what was that comment about?
 
 ?????
 
 ?
 
 I want us to be good
 
 lol
 
 Is soooo funny
 
 Eric just tried tossing salad on that 70s show
 
 :D dork &lt;3
 
 i dont have the 'safe'  thing you do. :P
 
 it dont matter with me. lol
 
 :p not really hes safe.cause ypu know I have no interest. It be like letting you sleep with a fat girl :P lol
 
 becuase a month ago I would have told you to disappear with him and not do anything while I ravished her. :P
 
 Iscared the pizza guy I saw him throughthe window and opened the door before he knocked he jumped a half a foot
 
 lol
 
 at least you know that I'm working on my issues. :P
 
 Dork how sad is that. You want me to screw someone I dont want so you can get some and im contemplating it....i think im way toooooo compliant
 
 Imma slip some hormone boosters in your drink on saturday ;) lmfao
 
 lol :P
 
 Roflmao now you sound like my hormonal mushy self
 
 lovely lvoes me soooo much she knows me. :D
 
 I probably woulda put that :)
 
 sounds good
 
 so thats what you got :P
 
 I couldnt remember all you put on it
 
 only three toppings now for the free one so double pepperoni thin crust with extra cheese
 
 lol what did you get me&gt;?
 
 lol
 
 and we had 25 papa points
 
 cause I &lt;3 you
 
 i got one for you for dinner
 
 now I want pizza. lol
 
 yay PIZZA
 
 lol we are poor
 
 you got paid today
 
 and none of our bills are really 'luxury' lol wtf
 
 wait nvm
 
 oh are you gonna have enough for the caddi or do i need to give you my card back
 
 lmao
 
 haha no this paycheck goes to fifty million bills that we owe
 
 fine
 
 this paycheck goes to booze only
 
 i cant type and listen to tv at the same time
 
 lol
 
 by food i meant booze
 
 and you know...are young
 
 have no concept of responsibility
 
 young are the dumb people who spend their whole paycheck on food
 
 not that we are young
 
 that just means we arent ancient
 
 we are young :D
 
 look at the avereage age for swingers. lol
 
 yup yup we are
 
 we are old
 
 :(
 
 we arent young
 
 :D 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV0F8PNiBhE&amp;feature=BFa&amp;list=PLBB1D031AA067CAC5&amp;lf=plpp_play_all lol there you go
 
 lol yup
 
 We need a god damn filing cabinet
 
 :(
 
 :P I want my pizza its taking foreeeevveeeerrr
 
 i havent even been in the car the last three times youve gone dork face
 
 wel next time I go to the sunwhatever market come in with me
 
 they probably have them there
 
 you should get me some next time you get your aloe juice
 
 ooh and that dried squid tentacles
 
 I like seaweed salad though
 
 pizza with eel would be gross
 
 although found out i dont like squid salad
 
 im gettting pizza
 
 I dont want eel
 
  hmm..... eel......
 
 hopefully they are done
 
 we gotta get them to finish the fucking caddi though
 
 yeah it sounds good to me
 
 and we can still bring mikey over to help babysit as we all drink
 
 it would be good for her
 
 I am hoping
 
 maybe she will get drunk. 
 
 well hopefully she comes over saturday then
 
 Hes a douche bag though
 
 I sent her a message that said when you are ready to get drunk
 
 vent
 
 hit something
 
 or anything at all i can help you with let me know
 
 poor kateys new status
 
 the big one that parks across the street with the too big wheels that are going to bend the axle
 
 what red truck?
 
 ?
 
 dude the kid that owns the red truck is skinnier then you were in highschool. wtf 
 
 its gonna be dinner too
 
 Im getting pizza
 
 lol
 
 dud you have mad me watch that fifteen times
 
 watch. :)
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxIOUJ7by6U&amp;feature=relmfu
 
 :P
 
 ;)
 
 Seriously we evwr need a comoany or person properly bitched out I get to do it . You can be the normal one and then when you cant fix it I get to. Youjust have too much respect for peoples feelings
 
 its a handicapp
 
 well I love you  MWAH!  text me
 
 imma go grab lunch
 
 and HOPEFULLY! the van starts so I can drop it off at the mechanics. lol and hopefully the cadi is done so I can drive it back to work... rofl
 
 :P
 
 Your just too cute &lt;3
 
 haha why not?
 
 No you come off so sweet. Omg you apologized for cussing. You are so mot alliwed to be the angry letter writer in our family.
 
 little lengthy
 
 but I think it got my point across. 
 
 ___----____----____----___
 
 I dont knwo where the FUCK you got the idea that I was lying about the loan
 
 I dont lie about money
 
 EVER! I have no reason to.\nAttached (hopefully they work) are two screenshots
 
 One states that my loan has gone through
 
 and the second is my bank statemnt
 
 showing that it has not hit my account yet. WHEN! it hits my account I will send you yet another screenshot stating the day that it was deposited into my account. \nOne thing to know about me\n(I do not lie about money
 
 ever! If I offend you with dear
 
 hun
 
 etc.. I am sorry
 
 I use it in my everyday language
 
 including the grocery store
 
 bar
 
 and even at work.)\nThe money will come through
 
 and Loans can take as long as they fucking feel like
 
 and since I put in for the loan initailly on the 27th of March
 
 this isn't actually taking that long since I'm only borring the money from myself. There are numerous types of loans
 
 each take a diferent amount of time\n(This loan is being done entirely online
 
 and none of it is in person
 
 so it takes longer than walking into a bank and asking for a 1000$ loan
 
 because this one is 6K)\n\nAs for drugs
 
 you probably do know more than me on some topics
 
 and I would probably know more on other topics
 
 but this isn't a pissing contest.\n\n\nAt the end of this message I would like to apologize for losing my temper a little bit
 
 but I get offended
 
 Severely
 
 when I am called a liar. I have been through more shit than you will ever know
 
 and the only thing that I keep constant is that you can take me at my word.\n
 
 Yeah right you are never mean. Not to vaginas.
 
 it was long
 
 mean
 
 and included two screenshots lol
 
 :P
 
 hjey that wasnt an answer and stop talking to crazy people
 
 we'll see how that goes. rofl
 
 haha just send angela a message.. 
 
 I had a weird thought probably helped by the whole high on lack of sleep thing but... Your always horny. Aaaalways
 
 and you go boink like magically in a halfa second. So like how many times do you go boink in a day? Like a million? And does it happen the same amount even if we dont/you and whores dont talkabout sex? And yes im aware this is aweird
 
 crazed and possibly offensice questionbut Imcurious and &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 You have the gassiest daughter on the planet
 
 lol
 
 I was talking more about her facial expression and the neck thing she has going on. The short hair did the cancer baby but not the special
 
 she's changed a lot
 
 with the short hair and everything
 
 and that was actually just how saundra looked. lol
 
 Cheese I think...i dont actually know
 
 And hey landscaping and if I ask while theyre here I can probably get them to stack the boxes pretty and sweep the garage
 
 Lol passes next week after we fix the car. We can order pizza.
 
 And the pic your mom posted of saundra is horrible
 
 she looks like a "special" cancer baby in that pic.
 
 lol
 
 does he care what kind?
 
 so I gotta find some time to get them both passes
 
 and pizza?
 
 Got mat to agree to weeding the backyard if we lethim bring eli (the black kid) to help. And feed them pizza lol.
 
 no I actually have no idea
 
 and i only actually have two of those
 
 you know what I mean :P
 
 even my one night stands where with friends
 
 so there
 
 im not a dude
 
 I dont want to boink a random
 
 that sounds like a good tradeoff. you dont get a random guy boink
 
 after I get lindsey
 
 :P  
 
 and she shoots fucking rainbows 
 
 her name is glitter
 
 damn right
 
 because you got a pussy :P
 
 the universe revolves around me
 
 Your just unhppy cause you arent wearing the dollar store crown and I am
 
 lol
 
 SO THERE :P
 
 you dont go anywhere near her until this shit dies down
 
 oh fuck that
 
 so there :P :P
 
 unless the loan comes through and I get lindsey the same night :P
 
 so there
 
 and ive only boinked random stranger once
 
 no :P
 
 :( what about people I know&gt;? heehee
 
 no boinking random strangers. :P
 
 and I hate the uber christian bitch so fornicating in her front yard was a bonus
 
 no street lights :D
 
 uh not there
 
 I always parked infront of lindseys moms house
 
 see me point
 
 you wanna to go there and get boinked in a car. :P
 
 please most of the people there are 30 + when I used to go fridays. with the occassional group of 20 or so airforce men.......;)
 
 its got more college guys that you want to bone. :P
 
 :P
 
 and more......happy then 3rd bas bar
 
 its fun'
 
 i talk shit 
 
 i chat with the waitress and bartender
 
 i sit on the patio
 
 I like pockets
 
 and then i banish them upstairs
 
 billy tells me "I aint a moron stop it mommy" and adam crys and says hes "aham feonit johnshon"
 
 ive stopped yelling at the boys and just started telling them they are acting like morons
 
 :P :P :P pockets... to many stupid kids. :P lol
 
 im kinda high on lack of sleep/zen mood/something
 
 idk
 
 pleasible'
 
 or possible.....
 
 or pleaseful
 
 ..... :P
 
 it will be pleasant
 
 sit on the patio
 
 i wanna go to pockets saturday :P
 
 but you know ....people are annoying
 
 nice to meet new people yes
 
 eh whatever i really have no pressing urge to hang with them.
 
 lol well then hopefully the couple gets his head out of his ass. lol
 
 it makes me reluctant to go lets hang out
 
 well
 
 i know they all look at my baby like a ball and chain or mistake
 
 lol
 
 I know I know I have to start sometime getting back out there but I just dont want to deal with most of them right now
 
 if I did i would actually text or call people lol
 
 I honestly dont care if its just us
 
 ok
 
 rofl
 
 but if they dont know they are eating it they like it
 
 sooo maybe the swingtown couple
 
 or maybe katey drinking with us on Saturday. lol
 
 Saundra and adam tend to decide they dont like something and then go with it
 
 haha...
 
 imma evil genius
 
 lol  haha
 
 mixed green beans in with veggie noodles and fredo kids havent noticed yet 
 
 yea.. hopefully that dont happen
 
 it would be a thing
 
 hed start talking to mikey more
 
 hed start calling/texting every five minutes
 
 hed be extra paranoid so it would be like fifteen times harder
 
 couple hundred dollars is worth her lying to him. rofl
 
 i'm pretty sure even if he flipped I could still get her in bed. 
 
 haha
 
 lol 
 
 everythings just chill
 
 granted im in kinda a zen mood right now
 
 im not worried
 
 it gives me a chance to bitch him out in a public setting
 
 it only causes dram for you in the getting linds to bed department
 
 rofl eh whatever
 
 and nicholas never ever ever ever hears about my fetishes
 
 so we can go back to normal drama. lol
 
 fingers crossed that no more shit comes of it
 
 roflmao
 
 oh they will do both
 
 and not go
 
 Lindsey
 
 why did you go spreadin shit
 
 hopefully they just go' oh' sorry.
 
 as she either is going of there or is currently over there telling amber/sharon that they are big mouths
 
 possibly
 
 lol once we make sure that it doesnt increase becauseof Katey
 
 maybe later though
 
 not now anyway
 
 No
 
 no poijnt in starting shit
 
 you aren't gonna post a Nicholas piss off status update about sperm donation? lol
 
 huh?
 
 soo... no comment to piss people off. lol
 
 lol
 
 throwing blocks at each other while charging on the bikes
 
 god our sons are fucking stupid
 
 lol
 
 They cam down stairs in sunglasses and told me they are losers
 
 ?
 
 Our boys are "losers" again
 
 Like a dellusion
 
 hehe I just built a 7200$ computer. hows that sound? ;) hehe
 
 lol
 
 Oh and according to billy you tucked your sunglasses into your pants
 
last night which is why he did it
 
 Uh...huh???
 
 thats a littl ebetter picture of Amanda (colorguard)
 
 i just like a photo
 
 :D
 
 youhave fun with that
 
 haha
 
 maybe with a little more reference to linds or Nick so its blatantly obvious
 
 "I have to wonder why the poepl who make the biggest fuss about my relationship are always the ones so paranoid about their own. Why is it that you are so threatened by mine and flups trust in each other. Just because your afraid your SO is going to leave you for the first person they meet doesnt mean that I have to share your fear"
 
 fuck that if I was going to post anything to piss him off it would be
 
 you should post a link/status about artificial insemination and sperm donation ;) LMFAO\n
 
 he apparently reads all of your posts
 
 like a creepy stalker man
 
 
 
 and... I know what WOULD start shit... lmfao
 
 that sounds like permission? ;) :D hehe
 
 fucking freak he is
 
 God only knows
 
 think it would start shit if I 'liked' nicholas's comment on  your tattoo shirt link?
 
 cause otherwise ill forget
 
 I put a hunk of it on the computer desk so we remember
 
 and Imma smack him when I get home tonight
 
 yup
 
 Adam just pulled a piece of paint off his wall during nap tine that is bigger then hos head. Twenty minutes?
 
 :D
 
 i dont think we will need it
 
 so I think on friday i might order my ww stuff. Unless we need my 147 until the loan comes in on like tuesday
 
 Okie Dokie my &lt;3
 
 and see how much it'll cost
 
 I know. I'll ask him or Sam
 
 sounds like a good plan. tell him it needs to be done by saturday. Slow poke
 
 imma call the cadi guy and see if the car is done
 
 then just switch the car for the van and have him replace the starter. lol
 
 I just ate three hostess cupcakes for a "snack"
 
 HIDE THEM
 
 seriously
 
 and no more chocolate cakes sweets for me. You want them
 
 you hide them from me
 
 :P we go grocery shopping soon. well
 
 i make digital list have mom print it and you can go grocery shopping since the van is being finicky. 
 
 it better be :P
 
 reasonable diet I promise
 
 ugh ok my diet starts now
 
 :P :P :P
 
 :P
 
 And still out by march :P
 
 Ugh I didnt like her before the pics dork face
 
 (I'm horrible I know
 
 I manipulate people and am a complete psycotic maniacle ass)
 
 so I dont really mind not bringing it up again. lol
 
 and I still think that for all her necessities after she gets down here
 
 and the plane ticket
 
 andpaying her dad
 
 her tab will get so high
 
 she'll bring it up
 
 once the picture thing smooths over
 
 she'll be fine so :P
 
 No the first yes the second. Ugh I really dont like your druggy friend more and more. IF she moves down youd better have her out BEFORE ypu tdy
 
 http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Finkedgirls.inkedmag.com%2Fgirls%2Fview%2Femmaj%2F&amp;h=EAQHz1TnuAQE3QZtoxcDMqefRhLTqPCFu4PGiEDYTl_ErqA and this one you probably will like. :)
 
 http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.3wishes.com%2Fthongs.asp%23L2600&amp;h=9AQFZy7DBAQG-e64BgZq6IVdON-mfPIpufvV65eCOU1qNXg  someone liked this link so it showed up on my wall... do you lke them? rofl haha
 
 Rofl you always do that lol
 
 and the 'rent' is her helping cook and clean
 
 but she is now DEFINATELY aware that I will not bring them up again
 
 and all repayment for purchases is assumed to be a repayable cash tab
 
 and I got another apology. rofl... I guess I brought up pictures too much after we started talking about them and when she agreed to them... so I give her this one
 
 but she still got chewed out
 
 Stupid to assume that when you said that you wouldnt do thay
 
 I will not bring that up again unless you do
 
 so from now on I'm talking aobut adding to a (cash) repayable tabbecause we both know you will need stuff when you get hereand the helping clean and cook is for livign with us. so once you get a job
 
 you can pay me back for the clothes
 
 accesories
 
 etc.. whatever we got you
 
 whether its work clothes
 
 bathroom stuff
 
 or club lcothesthat is what I mean
 
 and said. :P  haha :).
 
 so she got this back
 
 I got an apology
 
 lol and she said she jsut assumed that I meant pictures. 
 
 Too nice
 
 soo i finally lost it and sent this... rofl\n\nNOTHING! i just said was anything about picturesIn that it has "" while you are trying to get a job
 
 and you can pay me for them later
 
 after you get a job. ""so that whole comment about clothes
 
 etc.. had NOTHING to do with pictures
 
 I didn't bring it up at all
 
 and I'm notI was talking about gettin gyou stuff you needed
 
 maybe some stuff you just watned
 
 and you could pay me back after you got a jobthat is all I said
 
 I said NOTHING about picturesso read it again hun.
 
 Wow I really dont think her living wirh us is a good idea if the offer if you buyong her vs CLOTHES and necessary UNDERWEAR is going to make her go of
 
 and I got this back. lol\n--just cuz im talking to you right now doesnt mean im giving you pics like really? you said you werent pushing it and this proves you are. so stop im not hiving you fuckin pictures iv told you no a million times!.
 
 i sent this...\n\nit said that the offer for vs stuff is still there (just so you can have some club clothes or something once you get here) whiel you are trying to get a job
 
 and you can pay me for them later
 
 after you get a job. I figured that you would probably need to go to the store and buy some clothes
 
 necessities
 
 etc.. anywys. :)so we can do that
 
 and add it to the tab or something. and the vs stuff would be the nicer stuff if you wanted it. .
 
 wow. angela is paranoid. lol 
 
 Cant wait for my hormones to regulatw
 
 Ugh want you homes for the snuggles. Im in a weirdly affectionate loving mood.
 
 Sometimes
 
 makes you feel better. lol
 
 lol... at least we have to be damn near dead to be broke. lol
 
 Fucking autism
 
 thats what you get with a math mind
 
 &lt;3 you though
 
 I know I am weird. lol
 
 I can make it appear
 
 
 
 You are so not normal when it comes to money
 
 anything under that my mind will run budgets for about a week until i come to a conclusion
 
 hun.... if you want me to say no. the normal price I dont think about is 10K and up. 
 
 not really honey
 
 thats why i said a grand. i figured youd go "Um...no" but we will talk about it if the time comes and i know you woul d never say anything. :D
 
 but yes dear
 
 we are strange people. lol
 
 and I would never tell anyone
 
 and you know that. 
 
 somewhere down deep in you past the morals and ethics you are turned on by the rush of it. :P
 
 Brining your "babysitter" to get njdy pica of a naked woman. We are strange people
 
 I'd do the 1000$ at vs. :)
 
 i was jsut saying
 
 if you bring it up to her
 
 or her and rocky.. so that she can get the posing nude out of her system
 
 and he is the 'only' one that gets them
 
 never gonna happen but :P anyways
 
 we'll talk about it when and if the time comes. :P
 
 you better get a shit load of pics then. :P
 
 away from me
 
 at home
 
 then she can take that one
 
 but he would like it. :P
 
 so sol baby
 
 only one part of mine are trashy. :P
 
 im not comfortable taking aclose up of something i dont want to look at
 
 i do classy not trashy
 
 yeah if im taking them thats not what your getting
 
 but it woudl have to be a decent number of photos
 
 that meet what I normally ask for
 
 whatever woks for you
 
 falls into the 'ownership' part of the fetish
 
 I might be a little offended
 
 holy mother of god you want to see her naked THAT BAD?
 
 we can do 1000$ at vs
 
 
 
 if it happends and there are like 25 or more pictures. than ok :)
 
 remember i have those ethics
 
 cause its betraying a friend
 
 no joke
 
 um....a thousand for vs
 
 but.. what would it take
 
 to get a copy of them? (if they havppen) hehe I wouldn't tell her
 
 and I know you wouldn't :P
 
 no im not a perve like you :P bwahahah
 
 id pay you to keep some. haha
 
 :D
 
 :P
 
 NO
 
 but but I wanna see some. :P
 
 No im saying get them done profeaionally or me take them not you. You taking them \xb0crap amd shit and badness because of preexisting drama proffesional or me taking them is safe and neutral and its a thought I will bring up next time not you. Do not start more shit do not nring it up we dont talk to her about that shit n e more
 
 we (me) coudl take them with you there. and we could get them prepared in a package for her to give to him
 
 And she could always just do a boudoir shoot and give rocky the pics. I did that for tay and a couple girls in college.
 
 Thats fines with me.
 
 and we could just chill and drink
 
 and 'that' topic wouldn't be brough tup. lol
 
 since our other plans cancelled. 
 
 I'm trying to get them to come out Saturday
 
 and now she wants me to talk to rocky and reexplain the 'loans' and her 'wanting to pose nude as a her thing'  because she explained it wrong and taht is why he flipped shit
 
 I figured
 
 I brought it back up that we could pay her for that
 
 and that only
 
 Katey is going to come over beginning of next month to help me book this place into shape. And probably one to two times a month after that to help me get ready for the move. That way it is closer to where it needs to be. Atleast that is the plan....
 
 no
 
 the stereo with pop up speakers. lol
 
 haha go back to the site and look at the 2nd to last accessory. 
 
 that sounds good to me. :D   you can steal her for whatever
 
 whenever
 
 :).
 
 haha and I sent the PERFECT response
 
 my brother the fabulous
 
 roflmao
 
 Report \xb7 08:27Soo.... when are you taking your sis dress shopping? haha.\n\nReport \xb7 10:52I will be down on the 30th. We can go out then if that is ok with you?.
 
 for that to be an issue
 
 I send james a message and his response
 
 true
 
 but I just never plan on having enough peole over at once
 
 ROFLMFAO
 
 also
 
 I liked the maricopa bettter because there was serving counter space
 
 i like that one too
 
 I like the Graham
 
 what do you think?
 
 I like that style. 
 
 maricopa
 
 go here and look at the 5th picture
 
 http://aquavidapools.com/bbq_islands.php
 
 maybe it'll STICK! lol
 
 so she gets the same message twice. 
 
 lol well since we aren't at the same place its easy to see we think the same way. lol
 
 Lol youknow youalways put like what I put five min ago lol
 
 sound good?
 
 Rofl
 
 (I didn't send the 'hows that') lol
 
 hows that?
 
 just please be careful what you say. :)i think me and nikki managed to stop anything before it got bad. with Lindseys help:)we just wont put you in that situation again unless you bring it up
 
 ok? :)you can still babysit or clean for a little extra money if you want :) I know nikki always needs help
 
 if you are wanting/willing :).
 
 heres what I put
 
 --
 
 Lol sure honey. Its cause your a boy. She neexed to talk to her beat friend who was objective. She couldnt talk to me because im involved
 
 this opened a lot of shit with rocky and she needed to talk. She trusted her friend would keep her mouth shut and she didnt. Its a little naive that she believed it but its not horribly mean
 
 well she still has to re'earn the bbq invite
 
 ;) lol
 
 darn...
 
 Well basically it just means she is cut out of our "dating" life. Any topic is good except for sex and dating
 
 Maybe we should give Linds some heads up this time ROFL
 
 lol
 
 you know damn well the next thing she says to amber
 
 shes gonna tell her mum
 
 who will tell linds again
 
 No shes gonna do that anyway. You can tell hernot to do it about us because linds alreadu did but she has everu right to be mad about amber opening her mouth. She went to her for a sounding board
 
 not gossip
 
 should we just tell her to leave it alone?
 
 and teling her she shouldn't have opened her mouth
 
 she was talking about talking to chicky again
 
 SO are you :P
 
 Im trying to do that. Telling her
 
 nbd just be more careful.
 
 god you're confusing
 
 what?
 
 Oh drop the apologi xxiii ng yeah
 
 No
 
 before it started?
 
 since we seem to have fixed it
 
 doyou want me to tell her to just drop it and not bring it back up?
 
 ____about n i will be talking to them about this___
 
 katey--\n10:18Yea... No i get it i know look i had no idea it would be like this im srry i goofed in thinking i could tell my bf n have not spoken about n i will be talking to them about this cuz like u said i went to them believing there would be no drama from it just a listenng ear thats all .
 
 Giod I put that on the original
 
 I alsmost put something about if nicholas found out (even though linds isn't on the lst) he would flip
 
 but I took that off
 
 :D good boy
 
 Yeppers
 
 seeeee I was nice
 
 ---------------------
 
 heres what I sent her...\n\nKATEY-Yea i did im srry :/ it wasnt my intention to cause any drama or get in the middle of drama \n\nME-we didn't think that it was
 
 but that is why I said not to tell anyone. people are selected and put on the list based on the possible drama that could come from something going wrong. you were on the list because we didn't think anything woudl come of it
 
 so please please please dont ever tell anyone anything about me. we have our private lives for a reason
 
 and just for the record
 
 Lindsey isn't on the list.I never brought it up toyou to start drama
 
 and when it did
 
 I stopped talking about it. .
 
 Ye ash she just messaged me and said srry. I said you were upset but so long ad she kept her mouth ahut it was all good. But you know nicely
 
 katey just woke up and got ur message
 
 lol
 
 I can paint the walls dark red and make you so ashamed ypu buy a room seperator
 
 Of course thays whay shag is for
 
 and we can shag on your shag carpet. lol
 
 And then imma buy potted plants and a faux fur rug and it will ne awesome
 
 I was looking for zebra or pink shag carpet but couldnt find any quickly. lol
 
 :D haha
 
 &lt;3
 
 I love thay you know me :D
 
 done. lol
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Pure-Comfort-Zebra-Love-Ottoman/dp/B005ADIO6O/ref=pd_sim_sbs_etk_hg_fd__5
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Lumisource-Mini-Chair-Multi-CHR-MITTMINI-V/dp/B001D64SU8
 
 And really old broke in coiches
 
 And a bean bag chair
 
 :D
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Lava-Lite-5225-16-3-Inch-Silver/dp/B001MWSVP6/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1334249922&amp;sr=8-2
 
 Lol I wont have a chance to spend time staring at a screen till nap time :P
 
 I didn't say to put it in your den. I said go to Amazon and send me links of what you want in your lady den :P :P :P
 
 I dont wamnt it in my lady den.. Want in garge or laundr ty room. You know what we need?  A clothes pantry for all the clothes in between the kids sizes. To store them so when the kids need new clithes we go to the pantry
 
 I want a list of everything you want in there. lol
 
 go Amazon what you want in your 'lady den'  lol
 
 you ....
 
 so like this
 
 http://www.amazon.com/ClosetMaid-15-Cubby-Shoe-Organizer-White/dp/B002IT6E6A/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1334249148&amp;sr=8-6
 
 Exactly boxy shelfy thing
 
 http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_i_0_6?url=search-alias%3Daps&amp;field-keywords=shoe+organizer&amp;sprefix=shoe+o%2Caps%2C550
 
 lol
 
 Yes or a box shelfy thing
 
 or... use our 'end of bed table' for the shoe rack since thats what it is
 
 soo... we need to get a hangy shoe thing
 
 And everytime they are on sale buy more lol
 
 lol 
 
 When we move we need to have a shoe closet. With shoes organized by size. So when the kids get grown out we can go to the shoe closet
 
 On the upside having older kids means handmedowns lol but yeah new shoes for all
 
 too fast too fast too fast
 
 sissys even almost grown out of the converse we bought her
 
 they both are in dire need
 
 def shoes
 
 Is true. Well billy and saundra dont really need anything cause they have rene and adams clothes. Maybe one new outfit each and a new pair of shoes. Theyve been growing out of them so fast
 
 just not as bad as adam
 
 and they need new clothes also.
 
 and get some stuff for the other kiddos as well. so they dont feel 'left out' lol
 
 well Adam and Rene
 
 
 
 Yep it would be good. To stay under 200.
 
 so... we need like 20$ rofl
 
 or something
 
 cause you gotta put down ten percent
 
 lol kmart when we have money
 
 :P
 
 boys school clothes
 
 :P
 
 soph is a girl.....
 
 baby boy clothes on this page 4 and 5 months not T
 
 not baby 4 and 5T
 
 which only works in our case becaus eyou like watching me 'boink' other women. lol
 
 whole page of baby clothes lol
 
 I'm easing. :P
 
 The women always ease in and then do ok
 
 the men always jump then have a flip at.gy he thought of their woman noinking someone else
 
 looki looki
 
 http://www.kmart.com/shc/s/s_10151_10104_Baby_Baby+%26+Toddler+Clothing_View+All?filter=Size%7C4T%7C5T%5EstoreOrigin%7CKmart%5EGender%7CBoys&amp;viewItems=25&amp;keywordSearch=false
 
 Okie dokie artichokie
 
 I told her that we were still up for meeting and 'only' having a drink
 
 just to make new friends
 
 I love you too
 
 lol well that happens sometimes
 
 some people think that its a good idea but cant really do it
 
 apparently (as of now) we aren't meeting for a drink
 
 because he I guess had a melt down yesterday
 
 but she hasn't texted saying why yet *i asked* lol
 
 the couple sent me a text this morning. lol
 
 and.. I love you :D
 
 lol didn't know what uz wuz allz smiley for
 
 Idk im being affectionaite?
 
 what? lol
 
 :D
 
 sent you a safeway email
 
 bee*
 
 check your aol nixaboo
 
 It still fucking pisses me off
 
 but now at least she has your message
 
 and me asking if she read it
 
 no response. 
 
 I messaged her this morning and asked if she had received your message.
 
 katey just posted something. lol
 
 yay
 
 called TSP.... loan should be in my account within 5 business days
 
 she was all stuffy and cranky
 
 but then soph woke up at like one and wouldnt stay the fuck asleep
 
 me either
 
 there was a couple hours where i was out 
 
 i didnt sleep for shit last night
 
 im exhausted
 
 i could sleep sitting up
 
  rightr now
 
 i dont even care
 
 talk aboutsome fucked up dreams rofl
 
 I'll put the chipmunks on 125% whiel you are sleeping
 
 lmao
 
 and youll be all damn that girl can sleep
 
 im soooooo gonna do it
 
 like 15 or so
 
 so when rene is old enough to come get us in case of emergency/cook food
 
 when the kids are all old enough
 
 I will
 
 ill show you
 
 you wouldn't be abel to do more than like 12
 
 suuuure
 
 lmfao
 
 and it will be amazing
 
 lol
 
 like32 hours straight
 
 One day
 
 when the children are older
 
 im gonna sleep ALLDAY. from dusk till dusk again and then through that till dawn. 
 
 Off work yet?
 
 roflmao &lt;3
 
 looks like I'm taking a bathroom break to text itto you again. lol
 
 nope
 
 did you get the text  yet?
 
 our OK cupid pics are on the new swingers site. lol
 
 how are they crazy? 
 
 hu crazy bastrads
 
 they actually messaged us I didn't message them. lol
 
 and will send one of the bf when he gets off work
 
 she sent a picture of her
 
 I texted you a picture of one of the peole that are talking to us on the new swing site
 
 haha goodie
 
 only took a half hour
 
 Yay
 
 and Saundra just peed in the potty!!!!
 
 no
 
 u get my text?
 
 lmao
 
 he promised not to talk about his sex life
 
 so apparently we need to make a plan to meet up with my crazy uncle
 
 so i actually have a recording of like half of our conversation because he said the same shit on the vm
 
 lol
 
 he left a voice mail then called back
 
 lmao... hahaha
 
 is strange
 
 then he asked me about my ex husband and if he was really cruel to me
 
 i dont fucking know
 
 and he wants to hang out with nick to talk to him about tattoos I gues
 
 he wants us to go out to dinner you me and him and talk because "he was given wrong information about you"
 
 and being weird
 
 he apologized for talking about his sex life
 
 Steve just called. He wants us to all be friends
 
 haha  my mancave will have a huge bed in it too. :P
 
 but you keep dremaing for when we win the lottery na dyou have a man cave
 
 no
 
 and we can use it as the TV as well if you want :)
 
 then buy the frame thing to make it a touchscreen
 
 
 
 fine.. we'll get this one
 
 
 
 http://www.amazon.com/NEC-Display-P551-LCD-Monitor/dp/B003SGK9QI/ref=sr_1_3?s=pc&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1334089941&amp;sr=1-3
 
 Uh huh suuuure
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Planar-Matrix-MX46-L-3x3-LCD-Monitor/dp/B003FO6F4I/ref=pd_sim_sbs_e_1  heres our TV  in the future hehehe
 
 &lt;3
 
 Um no
 
 or.. I could get this. :P\na couple like 45 in monitors and run them as one screen. :)
 
 I dont want a touch screen if I wantex a touch screencomputer id get an ipad
 
 we can get like a 200$ frame that makes ours touchscreen
 
 so instead of buying like a 4 or 500$ touchscreen monitor
 
 
 
 Uh huuuh
 
 as opposed to buying a new monitor
 
 but this is a cheap way to make a touchscreen monitor
 
 You want everything
 
 http://www.youtube.com/user/musiccomputing?v=ujTnub2WkO8&amp;feature=pyv&amp;ad=11229742537&amp;kw=touchscreen I want :D
 
 lol
 
 Lol yeah totalky lol
 
 at like 4-430
 
 corner till I get home
 
 Rend and saundra wont stop. Jumping off dresser
 
 screaming banging sht dumb oains
 
 whats up now?
 
 Muah\tyour work is interfering with my beverages and my lack of patience with the girls
 
 mwah :D
 
 :( but I wanted soda
 
 so I'll beat him when I get home. rofl
 
 no lunch break for me today
 
 busy
 
 Also beat billy if you get here and hes still bouncing on the ottoman
 
 Moms going to come over tomorrow to do laundry. Thought od warn you since your her ride/youll be hime
 
 Yeah thats what I thought lol
 
 haha...hmm.....
 
 So you gonna spoilme tomorrow for my birthday? Give me kisses and cook all the food while doing dishes and cleaning house lol
 
 true true true
 
 lol
 
 I has standards lol. I get paid friday so in theory I could buy a purse saturday morning to put my boob pumper on lol
 
 lol
 
 lol boo :P
 
 What I know. I gotta do shit ill hate myself for for money
 
 I aint sharing it :P
 
 thats what you think
 
 haha suuuure
 
 No if I sugar daddy I leave you :P I dont share my ill gotten gains
 
 fine... he's dying of terminal illnesses and you can sleep with him until he dies
 
 and we are in his will lol
 
 yup
 
 
 
 Lol nope
 
 you can be his occasinal mistress
 
 be married to me
 
 and he can send me a monthly allotment. :P
 
 Yeah unlike your friends im not a complete prostitute. Id marry him orbehis live in mistress but never be bought for sex only :P I have morals and shit
 
 find a nice old rich guy
 
 and get a 6 figure fuck. hahaha
 
 Roflmao arent you cutesy
 
 ur good looks. ;) hehe
 
 With whatmoney? Lol
 
 Have you seen my purse?
 
 den get a bigger one. :P :P :P
 
 Rofl my purse isntbig enough for the pump dork
 
 lol then you can take the pump in your purse and pump in the potty
 
 so you can come out and drink more ;) lol
 
 Roflmao even if I have milk for her which I have plenty on freezer id still run out of room in ny boobs if she doesnt eat
 
 lol then pump pump pump so you can leave for longer. lol
 
 Not my fault you have no boobs btw
 
 Hey I left her alone for an hour and a half with mom so there :P
 
 i been tryin to help miss. "i cant leave baby alone for more than like 5 minutes"
 
 :P :P 
 
 Yeah mr. imma take off for a week when the baby Iborn so I can help out....:P
 
 15 days of leave... Boo I need more leave.. lol guess I should stop taking it then huh? lol
 
 yea.. that too
 
 or we could just hope that damn loan comes in
 
 One can hope lol
 
 hahah
 
 oh.....  34$ available on the credit card. lol :'(  I hope the car isn't done  until Friday. 
 
 :D
 
 the dumbass has an IQ of like 2
 
 Wow yeah istand by my previous statment
 
 talk about an idiot
 
 he was like (hacking her account and going through her phone isnt controlling
 
 and neither is blocking you on fb or blacklisting you from her phone.) if I TOLD her to do that
 
 then that is controlling.
 
 he's an idiot
 
 lol 
 
 Lol maybe you should stop talking toher tillshe either dumps him or stops having split personality disorder :P
 
 lol   amanda (colorguard)'s bf hacked her site and was pretending to be her again. lol he asked a stupid question
 
 and I called him on it
 
 and basically called him a spineless controlling idiot
 
 then he got all defensive. rofl haha  it was funny
 
 so if the cadi isnt fixed we will have to figure out how to get me the van
 
 Rob wants to see the kids on the 27th of this month
 
 85710
 
 7962 e 2nd st
 
 gimme the new house address..
 
 Ok
 
 think thats just me
 
 but it shouldnt' be too much higher
 
 Imma go try to apply for it now
 
 that include me? cause im really sick of not having the ability to drive
 
 I might be able to get both cars insured
 
 (liability) for 262$ for six months through progressive
 
 crapola
 
 yeah but she doesnt
 
 I know
 
 there is no way she could handle the kids for a whole summer
 
 yeah she can jump off a cliff
 
 considering it would be the tail end of school to the beginning of school
 
 Marissa should be fun~ to deal with for the deployment
 
 love you too
 
 :P mwah love you
 
 so :P
 
 yeah like 2 weeks later
 
 so :P
 
 I told yiou :P
 
 I would never say....make out with your sibling behind your back...
 
 so there
 
 and make sure it fell within whatever i could guilt you into agreeing with
 
 id tell you before 
 
 hey i would never cheat
 
 :P
 
 you dont want to promise you wont cheat on me. :P :P I see how it is. 
 
 i can try
 
 but i dont want to promise anything ive never gone that liong on purpose
 
 since I doubt you will want to wait 6 months :'( :P :P :P
 
 guess I shoudl start working on you having a bf huh?
 
 :P
 
 :D &lt;3 you
 
 i will not live with one of your charity cases by myself :P
 
 and no try
 
 there is no try
 
 please like i give a shit
 
 but 6 months of deployment normally means MONEY!  hehe
 
 I will try.
 
 :P
 
 and any one you have living with us shoule be out before you leave
 
 at least we will be off base
 
 yay.....
 
 &lt;3
 
 and any person you have living with us then had better be out before you leave :P
 
 atleast we will be off base
 
 and you know
 
 i should have an atm card so i can buy things...
 
 (but at least I have like 11 months notice. :) )
 
 for like 6 months
 
 I'm about 90%  getting deployed next march 
 
 fun stuff you're goin gto hate. 
 
 Oh..... 
 
 lolololol
 
 probably because I day dream a lot
 
 a lot a lot
 
 why....IDK
 
 i tend to convince myself my whole life is my imagination aand that im asleep or daydreaming or in a coma
 
 fruit cake peed infront of it
 
 I knew it was almost three and Saundra wouldnt be able to hold it anymore
 
 she is very predictable with her three hour bladder. Anywho so I put her on the potty and walked away. She stayed in the bathroom but not on the toilet
 
 lol why????????
 
 funilly enough when you arent here i occasionally become convinced you are a figment of my imagination
 
 wow...well yeah
 
 sometimes that helps
 
 and fixed
 
 I was talking to myself
 
 and I talked back. so I thought I was going crazy.. so i headbutted the wall
 
 and whallla!  done
 
 :P
 
 you fixed it
 
 ok
 
 ...
 
 you fixed it by me logging out of your page 
 
 there.... I fixed it. hehe
 
 no as in HUH?
 
 :P :P
 
 wtf lol there
 
 when I log out of yours and into mine
 
 the games go away
 
 lol there. :P
 
 ?
 
 and all the games disapear
 
 Michelles I mean. Fucking kids shouldnt talk while im typing...
 
 :P I cleaned
 
 quick mopped the floor
 
 cant even tell. I guess ill just have to be happy my house is cleaner then renes
 
 i want it too
 
 I knows
 
 i want my fucking loan
 
 and yay money
 
 wtf hola
 
 hola.... 820$ on friday
 
 Love you too lol and yes I is weirdo.
 
 :D
 
 wow. wierdo. lol mwah love you
 
 Why arent you harry
 
 why arent I sally and how many hormones do you think it takes to bring me to this level of mush craving?
 
 :D
 
 :P
 
 u
 
 Love
 
 roflmao
 
 I called bily William and he was like wtf
 
 so I told him tht was billys name and he was like oh
 
 Adam just told me I could call him crazy pants
 
 Im losing about a pound a day
 
 by monday ill be under 190 :P
 
 mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 and if youd left the internet up id never have even noticed 
 
 :P 
 
 lol
 
 Roflmao yeah its a litle weird. Grantes I think the only "clothing free" picks are the asians
 
 I'll have to see if I can put them somewhere that doesnt delete them. lol
 
 hmm... ok.. didnt know they appeared out there. 
 
 you have like four of your picture files on the desktop with icons and everything....you should fix that later
 
 Uh huuuuuh
 
 nuh uhhh..... 
 
 expensive and pointless
 
 but I want it. :P
 
 No thanks
 
 meza want to have my hands become useless. lol
 
 why?
 
 Pointless
 
 why noT?
 
 Um no
 
 YEP YEP YEP
 
 Nope
 
 as sooooon as they come out. :P
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vb2uojqKvFM&amp;feature=related I want
 
 I played it as a joke
 
 but jesica and dakotah
 
 I would rather them drink at our house
 
 then somewhere random
 
 lol... I laughed at her
 
 Her moms a lush of course she will drink
 
 I wasnt being judgy :P I was saying it iscommon problem is on the interwebs and that being used to the diaper is the explanation. It doesnt mean you did anything wrong
 
 it just means there is an extra step in potty training
 
 and I dont care what the internet says
 
 its a little hard when the children don't talk
 
 an dI was told to work on speech before toilet training
 
 Which makes sense cause she keeps trying to pull the diaper up ssn d everytime she starts to pee she freaks out and stops peeing
 
 she is hopin that she 'never drinks' rofl
 
 I told Barb that we can take Jessica when she turns 18 or 21 and she can get drunk at our house. and we would be the 'cool cousins' lol
 
 According to the internet its because she is diaper trained. We waited to long to start so now she is weirded out by the open air peeing
 
 weirdos
 
 lol
 
 Your daughter is sitting on a diaper. I wouldnt give her one
 
 but shes screaming she has to pee so bad and wont pee on the tpilet. So I tore up a diaper and sat her on it ontop of the toilet. She hasnt peed yyet but she is quiet
 
 its hysterical. lol
 
 Dork
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rznYifPHxDg&amp;feature=relmfu  lmao
 
 :P
 
 well good then now I dont have to worry about it. lol
 
 Ize is only a little sorry lol. I saw that. I told you the 
 
inute that you thought about taling it out it would be cashed lol
 
 and they finally cashed the check. lol
 
 ohh. meza sorry.... :/
 
 Is owie. Not like agonizing pain or evem really pain
 
 just more....off weirdness
 
 whats wrong?
 
 haha I start talk ing about it then they take the money out. rofl
 
 We probably shouldnt do that again for a while :(
 
 terrifying
 
 lol
 
 OMG SCARY CLOWN
 
 nopers
 
 Love you mmmmmooooore!\n
 
 :D loves.you
 
 hahah
 
 And saundra can turn a chocolate chip size piece of chocolate into like ten bites
 
 :( is sad.
 
 but you cant have it yet remember
 
 I;m sorry hun..
 
 hahaha
 
 I miss sex
 
 She came out. Then went back in five minutes later. I told her that if she went potty in the toilet instead of her pants she could have.candy. So she keeps trying cause shewants the chocolate
 
 go save her. 
 
 lol 
 
 Itsnow hitthe poi.twhere she isnt even crying. Shes just in the bathroom....
 
 lol
 
 Shes still mad at me. Shes been in the batgroom like an hr. I told her she could come iut when shes dine. . . She still in there
 
 lol
 
 has she gone?
 
 lol
 
 saundra hates me. Since shes wearing underwear I make her go potty every thirty minutes....
 
 lmao
 
 Irs like twenty five minutes in and atleast a hundred and fifty people are dead..... Fuck of a cartoon
 
 lol
 
 Watching atlantis
 
 just noticed that when they gt attacked by the leviathin the little girl shuts the bulke head door and traps a guy to drown
 
 You know you love my crazy ass
 
 :P :P :P
 
 Nope cause you found that for her. Yes im aware thats stupid but I dont care. I dont like her I dont like you talking to her
 
 I dont like her not being dead and on top of that im hormonal sooooo I get to be stupidly petty :P &lt;3
 
 you can make a meal plan online. :)
 
 password elfman89
 
 login info.. apj_elfman
 
 http://www.mealsmatter.org/MealPlanning/MealPlanner/default.aspx
 
 I wamt a hostess cupcakr
 
 :P
 
 She had.to be there woth rene
 
 booo.....  den ur mumma shoulda stayed so we no take kids. :P
 
 Sooo much
 
 I like chocolate
 
 My want chocolate my want chocolate why do we not have a pantry full of hostess cuocakes? When you get off work we are going to the store getting what we need for chicken enchiladas
 
 getting the stuff for pbj and chocolate :D
 
 haha
 
 Well she knows she isnt wearing a diaper so its important to say something lol but thetoilet is not her friend
 
 lol
 
 Its sooooo poofy and sad. and she is pissed at me cause she told me she had to go potty so I put her on the toilet
 
 ouchies
 
 I cant tell if saundra has a reaction to the diaper or to her poo
 
 but her ass is swollen and red all the way down her thighs
 
 Soooooo annoying
 
 Literally five minutes to start a show....everytime.
 
 lol
 
 still takes five minutes to load but atleast it loads
 
 did twice is finally working
 
 lol try turning off the xbox
 
 Grrrrrr
 
 Netflix is pissing me off
 
 nothing wants to load.
 
 &lt;3
 
 Yay
 
 its being processed now. :D
 
 :D
 
 woo......
 
 Print this pageText size:    Pending General Purpose Loan Request submitted 04/04/2012. \nYou have a pending general purpose loan request (View Loan Request) being processed for 04/04/2012 which cannot be changed because the deadline for changing or canceling has passed.\n\n\n
 
 Ok
 
 I'm working on a project
 
 so it might be a late lunch. lol but I will on my lunch break. lol
 
 I told himid ask but it depended on your schedule
 
 Mike wants o know if you can drop rene off on your lunch break
 
 And no blocks for the day because he shoved one up his nose.
 
 Adam is not allowed to lay with the legos for three days. He walked away so bilky stsrted playing
 
 ten minutes later adam noticed raan across the room and tackled bilky for daring to touch the giraffe.
 
 duh
 
 cause you didnt type no
 
 for some reason FB didn't catch me typing no
 
 no blues
 
 well the 9th is a monday and so is the sixteenth soooooo
 
 okie
 
 blues on the 9th and the 16th HAHA
 
 haha
 
 to top it off she is walking bowlegged with it
 
 she doesnt like how the diapers fit so she wont stop crying and 
 
 omg gonna kill saundra
 
 cause i live there
 
 but its mine
 
 so I am never responsible for it
 
 no its yours
 
 well yeah but that means its mine
 
 or do you want to lay claim on it now? ROFL ;)
 
 I thought it was my house you lived in. :P
 
 hahaha  because I'm proud of my house :P
 
 bozo :P
 
 :P No one needs to see my house. Why must you show everyone my house?
 
 lmao
 
 and i wont
 
 good Saundra is getting pissed because since she is in Real diapers she thinks I should change her diaper for her while she lays on the floor
 
 meza gotta get diapers when I get off work
 
 kk
 
 Muah back crazy so you is prepared.
 
 mwah :P
 
 :P
 
 Nope
 
 so I KNOW! and so do you :) mwah
 
 So you say :P
 
 and lots in between
 
 and last
 
 and in the middle 
 
 ?  you first
 
 And everyone else with a vagina
 
 love you love you love you :P
 
 Hormonal rant hormonal rant hormonal rant
 
 :P
 
 Uh huh
 
 Mwah!   love you deary :)
 
 Wish you were hime. Sometime this week I just want to be able to spend us time
 
 :P
 
 Seriously they are all nice. Work and pt clothes ontop where you can find em. Socks and underwear all piled together
 
 mine and sophs close sorted seperately. I feel accomolished. And sore which is fucking annoying because all I did was drag the baskets then sit down and fold and sort. Fn stupid body
 
 lol
 
 Got all ourclothes folded and organized
 
 waitung for you to drag up to put away
 
 hehehe
 
 
 
 hahah
 
 She shoves.the baby doll under her shirt then pats through the shirt rips it back oyt and loves on it
 
 hahaha
 
 Saundra is breast feeding cinderelka
 
 Uh huh
 
 weirdo
 
 Rene is excited soph is pooing in her lap...
 
 Either way ihave three to fuve weeks and getting my anemia under cintrol
 
 if im bleeding that long i will lose it. You usually only Bleed for the first week or two
 
 no big changes until the bleeding stops. :P even if its after your 'timeline"
 
 if i werent slowly dying from blood loss id be up and about tryinng to burn off calories lol
 
 patience is difficult
 
 once i can start dieting and actually restricting my calorie intake to a low enough amount it will do something.....
 
 i would like to be able to fit back into my pants
 
 Oh fuck yes
 
 i dont want to stay this big
 
 well time to keep it going down
 
 (once youa re allowed to)
 
 lol
 
 Roflmao if thats my actual weight its the same as on my license rofl first tme in three years its been accurate :P
 
 go baby go baby go!
 
 good :)
 
 :D
 
 :P
 
 Which seems a loiiiiiiiitttttlllleee off
 
 I put the batteries back in thescale if its accurate f if I know.then ive lost about 23 pounds in baby and water weight.
 
 thats why i like it
 
 Im hate cash cause then I never want to buy anything cause I watch the money leave
 
 I would rather buy everything in cash
 
 i hate rotating debt though
 
 not large amounts
 
 even when i spend 1
 
000.00 im only spending 70 a month for the next ten years roflmao
 
 cause im not spending money
 
 thats why credit cards are dangerous for me
 
 I dont like spending large amounts of money :P
 
 :P
 
 if I had my way we wouldnt own either car 
 
 your car
 
 your money
 
 but you know
 
 No I highly doubt that
 
  lol
 
 you know its true
 
 Poop
 
 so I doubt it will happen
 
 but this would easily be the cheapest way to boost the restore process
 
 and its if I can get the 400$ (if its still there) and after we get Angela here. 
 
 we wont
 
 I reallyjust dont want us to emd up like mom and rob....thirteen fn cards
 
 and I'll probably have them both at the shop and tell the guy
 
 make this engine work (rofl) and you can keep the other car.. hehe\nafter I gut it
 
 I will get rid of one when I finish gutting it
 
 
 
 Uh huh still two cars in my garage instead of one. Slippery sloap slippery sloap
 
 I'm only restoring one cadi
 
 not kept
 
 same car. lol and it would be for that project
 
 and when I get done harvesting the other cadi would be sold or scrapped
 
 I thought the rule was one project car at a time...
 
 etc...
 
 keep the 'cadillac' emblem pieces which can get pricey when restoreing
 
 it would help in the restore. I could take the seats if they are still good and not have to repair mine
 
 etc.. etc... 
 
 lol I am messaging him just to see if its still there
 
 You and your schemes
 
 hehe
 
 http://wiki.answers.com/Q/What_is_the_scrap_metal_from_a_car_worth_in_AZ
 
 project to look up today
 
 heheh
 
 but the funny thing is that depending on who I talk to in tucson I might be able to get more scrapping that car than the 400$ to buy it
 
 haha
 
 I know. lol
 
 crazy pants
 
 um cause your mentally damaged. technically your engine "works" too you know
 
 just take the working engine
 
 and put it in my car. ROFL
 
 that would actually be cheaper than having it rebuilt
 
 or having it fixed. lol
 
 I would just do an engine swap and harvest what parts I could and scrap it. lol
 
 WHY! can't I have 400$ lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/pts/2879012702.html
 
 Dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/2908717853.html lol
 
 lmao
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fud/2936085517.html
 
 Not really...all stuff I could live without :P therefore no NEED
 
 so bite me
 
 right now its only stuff we actually need :P
 
 lol :P
 
 i feel like i should cut you off for the safety and security of me not having a house full of crap :P
 
 you are obsessed with craigslist
 
 throw the mattress away and keep the frame and boxspring
 
 it would have been perfect. 
 
 roflmao
 
 why can't the mattress be ripped the the rest be gbood. lol
 
 boo
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2934305987.html
 
 HAVE NO MONEY
 
 and when you get the loan we will still
 
 rofl we HAVE NO MONEY
 
 and billy's three. :P
 
 she just wants a bed. lol
 
 If we can I would like to get the queen frame before she gets here. I know she wont care though
 
 she is only just going to be 3
 
 I just figure it really isnt a big rush
 
 then yeah we should get another matress
 
 she would get the twin fram I just got
 
 I wanted to do the Sissy switch when we move into the new house though
 
 and yeah a queen frame and boxspring unless she doesnt mind just a matress on the floor
 
 probably not for another year
 
 we need a twin mattress eventually
 
 and soph can have saundras bed next year
 
 ?
 
 so we need a queen frame and boxspring
 
 and a twin mattress
 
 so in theory when saundra is ready to move to a twin all we have to do is buy another matress
 
 and one queen bed
 
 two queen matresses
 
 two toddler beds and matresses
 
 and two toddler beds and 2 tolder frames (racecar
 
 and sissys)
 
 three twin  matresses
 
 four twin beds
 
 yeah we have 
 
 and the queen mattress...
 
 and three mattresses?
 
 so 4 twin beds
 
 and your twin
 
 the twin frame
 
 soo we have the twin bunks
 
 lol 
 
 id do it
 
 they are old..dont work and they want them GONE lol
 
 and two in one day
 
 I just thought that 'free' hottubs are odd. 
 
 roflmao
 
 and i dont think there is any more room in our garage
 
 i know. lol 
 
 both look skanky lol
 
 I like the first one. rofl
 
 lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2936292423.html
 
 whats wierd is that today there are two seperate frees hottubs. lol
 
 lol
 
 there is probably a dead racoon in it
 
 http://www.hotmamaink.com/wishlist_public.htm?id=5dab824284ad38280c0e8b1cb1170988
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2936124721.html lmao
 
 http://www.hotmamaink.com/products/Breastfeeding_tattoo_tank_mothers_milk?cat_id=fig20ifd \nI really want this shirt
 
 Soph is just staring at the wall again. She really likes tht corner
 
 monkeys
 
 :P :P :P
 
 :P
 
 ugh and I cant fo to bed early tonight cause since youll ne going kris louis caddi your gonna be gone and ill have to stay up tillthe boys pass out :P
 
 lol
 
 i will never run out of iron
 
 yes i have mine and then the three bottles mom gave me
 
 do you have your iron pills?
 
 i has been
 
 make sur eyou eat
 
 Anemia plus excessive bleeding plus breast feeding equals tiiiiiiirrrreeeeddd
 
 http://www.movoto.com/az/7962-e-2nd-st-tucson/472_21206645.htm
 
 Grr stupidbody
 
 :
 
 well heading home to get kaylen and head to the inspection. they are letting me go early so I can get there when it actually starts..
 
 and another 3 months... then back to crazy lol
 
 hmm 5 weeks... then 'nice' sex with you. :P
 
 rofl whatever freakazoid now stop talking about sex with other women before i go crazy 
 
 so its ina couple years. haha and I'll take a day of leave to get a 4 hour threesome dammit lol
 
 lol kid at school. lol
 
 we have five fucking kids crazy man
 
 yeah we will never have four hours time
 
 hehe
 
 umm   4 hour sessions with handcuffs and whips :)
 
 as soon as its over ill be back in my bed sleeping lol
 
 i dont see why we need a bigger bed for twenty minute threesomes
 
 rofl
 
 you get a queen
 
 she gets a queen
 
 and 'we' get a caliking
 
 lol
 
 soo... then we do need three rooms. 
 
 Rofl nope your room My room my room is for me. Yoir room is for your threesomex
 
 that way if we have threesomes we can choose whichever room?
 
 so like (if we had money. lol) 2 cali kings? lol
 
 go figure its called the swingers room rofl
 
 can we have this room?
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?q=custom+california+king&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=ynZS4yssiOY6XM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.rumorvegas.com/suites/mega.php&amp;docid=7mIlBXKorvUWOM&amp;imgurl=http://www.rumorvegas.com/images/suites/megas/swinger.jpg&amp;w=640&amp;h=400&amp;ei=AxZ2T4qEFcaRiAKOlNGnDg&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=610&amp;vpy=325&amp;dur=1700&amp;hovh=177&amp;hovw=284&amp;tx=169&amp;ty=94&amp;sig=115752892138230662813&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=148&amp;tbnw=204&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=20&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:7
 
s:0
 
 And I just figured tso rooms cause in all realitu unless I dont have a chouce like woth trina when she was ere im not a dogpile person :P
 
 Girly lol
 
 http://furniturefromhome.com/products/4955  ther eyou go
 
 so we get a king
 
 she gets a queen
 
 and 'we' get a caliking?
 
 lol so we have our room
 
 her room
 
 and 'our' room?
 
 :P
 
 my bed fits two
 
 your bed can have three people in it
 
 I get my own bed
 
 rofl no
 
 we gotta have enough room for three people in the bed. ;)
 
 lol
 
 Okay i will take that one but only if we get the red sheets too
 
 nooooo gold
 
 I like this bed too
 
 http://www.vrbo.com/284485
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;sa=X&amp;biw=1320&amp;bih=667&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=imvns&amp;tbnid=6IKW9bna2SUfiM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://londonhotelsinsight.com/2011/04/19/which-london-hotel-suits-your-style/&amp;docid=kWsPk3IvTmejsM&amp;imgurl=http://londonhotelsinsight.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/4-poster-bed-at-Hazlitts.jpg&amp;w=346&amp;h=300&amp;ei=4w52T7SaDejA2gWQ9q2VDQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=347&amp;vpy=318&amp;dur=141&amp;hovh=209&amp;hovw=241&amp;tx=124&amp;ty=87&amp;sig=101851022776172867020&amp;page=2&amp;tbnh=149&amp;tbnw=168&amp;start=20&amp;ndsp=27&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:14
 
s:20
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 :P fucking girl you are
 
 no I do not want violet damn lights
 
 go abotu halfway down the page to the bedroom lighting part
 
 http://luxury-idea.com/decoration/2010/ideal-bedroom/
 
 I like both of those
 
 they are cool but I would never buy them
 
 or.. this one. lol (interesting) http://www.google.com/imgres?q=unique+bed+lighting&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=MOJ1O86wVHzeFM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.wid8.com/tag/lighting-fixtures/&amp;docid=bKurM6-PvxbWAM&amp;imgurl=http://www.wid8.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/lighting-beds.jpg&amp;w=500&amp;h=375&amp;ei=JQ52T-vjJcLJiQLi6cGnDg&amp;zoom=1
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?q=gothic+four+poster+bed&amp;start=86&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;addh=104&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=Xvuj43hjwuBGmM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.belleinteriors.co.uk/product/CHG004-Gothic-Dream.php&amp;docid=UTonvRg9OONXWM&amp;imgurl=http://www.belleinteriors.co.uk/images/products/m_CHG004_1304518584.07.jpg&amp;w=400&amp;h=400&amp;ei=6w12T8CJGYn9iQKU6PCnDg&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=176&amp;vpy=485&amp;dur=1857&amp;hovh=225&amp;hovw=225&amp;tx=148&amp;ty=140&amp;sig=115752892138230662813&amp;page=4&amp;tbnh=149&amp;tbnw=140&amp;ndsp=30&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:24
 
s:86
 
 well we will get one custom made then
 
 that was the 16th-18th cetury. lol
 
 haha  they dont make those anymore. 
 
 Yep I want that one
 
 how abotu this one
 
 fine.. lol 
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?q=four+poster+california+king+bed&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=imvns&amp;tbnid=bpuGaV52iIE_BM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.four-poster-beds.com/history/history-four-poster-bed-4.htm&amp;docid=tprDBgTP_-qPuM&amp;imgurl=http://www.four-poster-beds.com/images/history/great-four-poster-bed.jpg&amp;w=550&amp;h=436&amp;ei=Gw12T71045KIAoGqlacO&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=187&amp;vpy=510&amp;dur=109&amp;hovh=200&amp;hovw=252&amp;tx=141&amp;ty=137&amp;sig=115752892138230662813&amp;page=3&amp;tbnh=151&amp;tbnw=190&amp;start=45&amp;ndsp=30&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:18
 
s:45
 
 its pretty
 
 but its too light
 
 i liek this one
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?q=four+poster+california+king+bed&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=imvns&amp;tbnid=RDTgANNcZXITGM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.bedroomfurniture.com/Beds-by-Stanley-C30297.html&amp;docid=pmaFDzt4w4LakM&amp;imgurl=http://common1.csnimages.com/lf/47/hash/1513/3139096/1/Hooker-Furniture-Sanctuary-Poster-Bed-in-Ebony-with-Fabric.jpg&amp;w=325&amp;h=325&amp;ei=Gw12T71045KIAoGqlacO&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=1008&amp;vpy=73&amp;dur=1420&amp;hovh=225&amp;hovw=225&amp;tx=140&amp;ty=132&amp;sig=115752892138230662813&amp;page=2&amp;tbnh=142&amp;tbnw=141&amp;start=15&amp;ndsp=30&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:5
 
s:15
 
 I wants it all its all pretty and dark wood. I loves the dark woods
 
 then you can play more with bright colors without everything looking omg
 
 You have more country taste
 
 I have more eclectic gothic taste :P
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/Tommy-Bahama-Home-Royal-Kahala-Harbour-Point-Bed-in-Distressed-Coffee-TBL1848.html
 
 I like this one better... wish it was darker though
 
 the whole collection from the one you like. lol
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/Tommy-Bahama-Homes-Kingstown-Collection-X29972.html  lol ther eyou go.
 
 I forgot how much babies peel
 
 I vant send it back causr its my phone but the tommy-bahama-home-kibgstown-sovereign-poster-bed
 
 look at those. :D  hehe   put the link back to me on the one you like the best. lol
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/Tommy-Bahama-Home-Royal-Kahala-Harbour-Point-Bed-in-Distressed-Coffee-TBL1848.html
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/AICO-Eden-Poster-Bed-in-Amaretto-ICO1095.html
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/AICO-Sovereign-Panel-Bed-in-Soft-Mink-570-ICO2976.html
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/Tommy-Bahama-Home-Kingstown-Sovereign-Poster-Bed-in-Tamarind-01-0619-17XC-TBL1483.html
 
 Ooh purty
 
 http://www.wayfair.com/Hooker-Furniture-Sanctuary-Poster-Bed-in-Ebony-with-Fabric-HKR4027.html
 
 Soph so has saundras butt damn it. Shes getting booty rash
 
 lol
 
 apparently he just isnt as interested if the tv is playing phin ferb
 
 :P
 
 which I think means we need to invest in a barn
 
 that smell of barn animals
 
 and canvas
 
 made of straw
 
 or possibly just matresses on the floor
 
 they get basic metal frames 
 
 uh uh you cant be looking up four poster beds for other women :P 
 
 but I like that one too. :)
 
 she was like OMG toooooo much money
 
 I made a joke and asked  angela if she wanted it. ROFL
 
 but only in a darker wood
 
 haha.. 
 
 and a giant king size bed that I want
 
 worst album covers
 
 I dont have any tabs open
 
 ?
 
 you have the weirdest tabs open
 
 yesterday. :(
 
 I ate them all....
 
 u have ur 3musketeers
 
 I want full size candy
 
 did you see the photo I just uploaded? Adam used ALL the blocks
 
 :D\n
 
 I was like WTF!!!!
 
 I went to a birthday party when I was little and the pinata had fullsize candy bars in it. 
 
 candy is candy when you are a kid
 
 yes of course dollar store candy rofl
 
 its strange
 
 theres a lot of those
 
 and... dollar store candy. lol
 
 wtf?!
 
 no bashy?
 
 that weird...
 
 did you see this one?
 
 http://www.partycity.com/product/disney+princess+dreams+pinata+-+3d.do?green=E05277D0-A64D-5C63-00C2-1E6CB8394105
 
 yep hopefully they have that one or one like it in stock
 
 http://www.partycity.com/product/disney+princess+heart+pinata+17in+x+17in.do?sortby=ourPicks&amp;size=all&amp;from=Search&amp;navSet=princess+pinatas
 
 lol
 
 something pink with blonde hair  lol
 
 or a barbie one
 
 she wanted a princess one?
 
 Party city should maybe have some cheap ones
 
 yeah We shall figure it out
 
 jug
 
 or the money from the jub
 
 and if we have to
 
 we can get her the pinata with the 40 of my 'old' dollars in the book
 
 so write ham 
 
 ahh.. 
 
 cause we is apposed to bring it
 
 which reminds me I have to add ham to the grocery list for the party. 
 
 but I dont want Rene to be bummed because we couldnt get her what she asked for
 
 I dont mind being broke
 
 it really doesnt bug me
 
 or at least it wont come sunday when we get the fs. 
 
 yeah so do I
 
 then I'll stop panicking. lol
 
 I hope that damn loan hits...
 
 the eigth
 
 on monday. ya.. lol   when is easter?
 
 roflmao and somehow we still have to get a pinata before easter
 
 haha your 150.00 from louis
 
 my 297 and thats like exactly four hundred
 
 400
 
 how much do we owe him?
 
 that YOU'RE going to look HOTT!!! in when its done
 
 yep and all of MY money goes to pay for YOUR caddi :P
 
 since 1300 goes to the inspection today
 
 lol.. and yup weza broooke!
 
 especially cause Saundra is wearing the bumble bee costume lol
 
 its so cute
 
 haha Saundra keeps trying to give Soph stuffed animals
 
 we has NOOOOO money
 
 lol
 
 roflmao
 
 Available Balance : \n$1
 
323.37  
 
 Shes been crying upstairs for a half hour because I wouldnt let her take the legos from bubba
 
 Fn broken or sonething or isk
 
 You HAVE GOT TO MOVE THAT MATRESS
 
 lol
 
 Love you too stop messing up my organixrd plans for dealing with people
 
 so you two will get along great.. (other than the coffee. lol)
 
 Whatever you over kill everything
 
 she doesn't drink coffee
 

 
 eat junk food
 
 but loves fruits and veggies. 
 
 rotating
 
 me and her
 
 then like her and you
 
 then like me and you.. etc.. 
 
 I told her we would probably just end up treating her like a member of the family instead of a 'nanny'  and I told her about the shopping 'routine' thing that we talked about last night
 
 ME------haha nikki said she wants homemade scratch lasagna once you've been here a week or so
 
 and are settled in. ;).\nANGELA-----haha ok.
 
 Mwah looove you :P
 
 :P
 
 thanks for fucking that up for me :P
 
 but i have always assumed since she first showed up with my brother that one i would never have to deal with her more then just for family functions and two that she would disappear within a year
 
 i know i know i hate people im a horrible person.......
 
 ((umm.. I thought she was a ... umm... is nikki ok with.. umm...... *head explodes))
 
 I honestly hate the idea of her being in our lives that long
 
 especially after the drama dies down and we start dating rofl
 
 lol that wouldn't be awkward.. lol
 
 you can still talk to her of course
 
 you just probably wouldnt be able to hang out with her too much. And if you did it would have to be in a large group where I dont have to directly socialize with her for more then a half hour (thats the point in which i normally wnat to ask her how she functions in society at all) or you would have to take angela or someone with you
 
 ((kiera))
 
 and I know I wouldn't be allowed to (date) her until the drama settled
 
 but I dont want to lose a friend if they break up. :P  
 
 ohh..
 
 Princess keeps getting the hiccumups
 
 oh remind me adam cant play with the kitchen for two days. He was playing with it rocking it back and forth so it would make squeaking noises
 
 but its a fun half second thought
 
 not really
 
 then he will never leave bwahahahahahaha
 
 hopefully he stays that way
 
 KARMA!
 
 still sick and can barely stay awake or stand up. 
 
 rocky giong to hospital tomorrow
 
 okie doki
 
 anyways
 
 I have PT today so its not gonna be till like 5pm
 
 no i ll give her a couple weeks to settle in..then lasagna
 
 so when your off call kris so that he knows when to meet you at the gate. I figure you can just take Kahlen and you can drop her off with him there
 
 second night? lol
 
 dork face
 
 rofl no
 
 lol
 
 so are you going to make her make lasagna the first night she's here?
 
 yay lasagna
 
 which defeats the whole no date
 
 oh... and angela is mostly italian so we have a new cook at the house for the areas you and I can't cook fluently in ROFL
 
 youd still be dating
 
 so if you kept hanging out
 
 all you do now is hang out. and i dont want to hang out with her
 
 but hanging out is differnet. like drinking or whatnot
 
 (not dinner date
 
 or real date etc..)
 
 the no dating I completely agree to until the drama is dead
 
 no cause then drama
 
 hahahhaha
 
 then I'd invite her. :P
 
 which means she wouldnt be invited
 
 id invite him
 
 so why would i invite her anywhere if shes not dating my brother ?:P 
 
 no
 
 cause I dont like her
 
 but no individual dates until the drama is gone
 
 we could still hangout or whatnot
 
 keep inviting her to bbqs
 
 drinking at the house etc.. 
 
 oh and kris says call him when your off work to figure out the whole pass thing
 
 if her and kris split
 
 about if you would be allowed to date her
 
 apparently they got into a hypothetical argument
 
 I told them you wouldnt be able to date her for a year until the shit storm ended
 
 what do they mean?
 
 keira and kris just asked me what would happen if they broke up.
 
 Saundra is still asleep
 
 and Kahlen just woke up
 
 bubba wont listen for shit and now Adam is up from his nap and is more argumentative then he was when he went down. Friggin kids making me crazy today
 
 howso?
 
 Bub is making me nuts
 
 Lol I think so its next to yhe bunl beds and you mived all the garbage back
 
 hmm... wonder if they can get to the panel. lol
 
 Ok I remembered the solar panel people are suooised to show uo today and if the garage is already open it makes my life easier
 
 yes I left garage open
 
 cadi is half in it
 
 One if you come home from lunch and billys still up yell at him. Two did you leave the garage open
 
 lol :P
 
 cuz meza guy
 
 nope. :P
 
 you dont know thats all
 
 youve never had your sexy all gone and ripped out through your genitals :P
 
 love you too 
 
 mwah love you
 
 lol
 
 :( but i want skinny now
 
 three weeks at the absoloute minimum according to the interwebs.
 
 haha :P\nso you have a bunch of time left. lol
 
 i guess i dont think of it as a recovery of my whole body just a recovery of you know the actual wounded part but apparently its a whole body thing....three kids in and still learning nw things lol
 
 its apparently like going on a crash diet right after surgery or something
 
 and apparently im not allowed to pay attention to any thought of diet until my 6 weeks is up anyway
 
 lmao
 
 guess i can calm down about the double whoppers
 
 rofl I googled the interwebs and apparently if I eat 2300 calories a day I would still lose about a pound a month so long as im nursing
 
 but it works. lolo
 
 :P
 
 id rather last minute or majke one plan and force everything to go that way. your loosy goosy shit makes me twitchy
 
 I know.. if you plan for things to happen 12 different ways
 
 one of them will happen andyou dopnt have to worry about last minute stuff
 
 you oplan too far in advance you plan for shit that might never happpen. its a little odd
 
 I asked Angela is she was gonna get a car eventually (i'm poor I can't afford a car. lol)   so I told her if we get a third car and she sticks around for awhile we might throw her on our insurance if she helps out with the insurance. etc.. and she said that sounds good
 
 once she gets settled
 
 etc..
 
 lol
 
 :D
 
 Sooooo....Fetch or something 
 
 NOW
 
 i WANT A MILLION DOLLARS
 
 lol
 
 Lol well even though statistically the higher the jackpot the lower the odds for some reason the higher the jackpot the more likely i am to buy a ticket. Its like well if Im going to throw away a dollar
 
 imma make sure im throwing it away for no chance at a SHIT TON of money vs no chance at a lot of money lol
 
 make it a 'tradition' hehe
 
 but we can get one for each of us. :)
 
 LMFAO
 
 and chances are REALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLY low
 
 pay out is up reaaaaaaaallllly high
 
 ?
 
 we gotta buy a lotto ticket
 
 conflicting emotions lol
 
 its to the point where his whole conversation has the "im barely holding back tears voice" I hate it when he gets like this because I cant fix it for him. Po baby
 
 on the one hand I go awe my baby sad
 
 on the other i go suck it up your five
 
 hopefully
 
 hopefully ui can get him to take a nap later and maybe his afternoon will be better
 
 hes just in meltdown mode today
 
 he doesnt have a fever
 
 I keep chekcing
 
 he cried cause I told him to scoot over on the couch
 
 lol
 
 he is mr cranky pants today
 
 Omg Adam has spent all morning in his room or in the corner it seems like
 
 lol
 
 and saundra
 
 and adam
 
 lol
 
 Atleast sophs a good kid. Shes such a quiet content baby
 
 like bubba used to be
 
 lol
 
 Demons todaylol
 
 wow..
 
 Kids have all already been in timeout twice each. Kahlen runnung
 
 billy not listening
 
 saundra crawling on the stairs and adam telling me no and attempting to refuse access to the play kitchen. Brats
 
 ahh. I'll look it up now see what it costs if it fits the other stuff its doing 
 
 Your car.
 
 her car or my car?
 
 ??
 
 Moms coworker says it sounds like the fuol filter
 
 &lt;3 &lt;3
 
 Kk
 
 like 15 minutes. lol
 
 Possibly whayever I have no interst there
 
 but I think they r breaking up since his 'stunt' and them getting kicked out
 
 You off soon?
 
 after the wedding
 
 unless her and the bf get into it again. 
 
 and amanda is still good to come visit.. 
 
 yup
 
 Well but then its planned to have sx buddy moved in so the kinks are worked out
 
 lol
 
 until we get a gf
 
 'unfortuanately'
 
 true...
 
 Rofl well its probably better to have someone off limits inyhehouse then to move in a sexbuddy
 
 and she was like good
 
 cuz that aint gonna happen
 
 I want out of ks to get away from the drama
 
 not start mroe. lol
 
 Roflmao
 
 and specified. (I wasn't talking about/ asking/ or hinting at her in any way shape or form)
 
 I haven't told her about the open relationship however
 
 just the 'you gettin turned on by me doing a girl next to you' 
 
 (just so she would know if we brought another girl home. lol)
 
 we were in agreement before we finished typing. lol
 
 so she dont want me
 
 and i ain't gonna try to 'buy' her. :P
 
 I warned angela about my fetishes. and we both specified at the same time she didn't apply to them. lol
 
 ok...
 
 Phone
 
 silly billy
 
 you on the computer or your phone?
 
 ah.... I think we can do that. 
 
 Lmfao
 
 Weight wat
 
hers home. I said outloud wheres my kud with a brain
 
 I want a kid with a brain and bily pointed at his crotch and said my brains right here
 
 ww?
 
 Idk clothes and ww and a size six body again lol
 
 soo.. what you want guuuurl?
 
 Rofl
 
 ((did you put on the board that I have the PT test next friday (8am).. and the house inspection this friday (4pm)
 
 and my lender appointment next friday( 430pm)
 
 what u want guuuurl
 
 Lol sure
 
 meza spoil you after I reenlist. :P
 
 Love you toospoiled brat
 
 :P loove you :P
 
 :P whatrve still dont wNt
 
 (ish)
 
 No phone
 
 https://www.cheapair.com/air/review.aspx?fpid=azdvzme4q1q33votz3p4ymnu   so its sitting at like 170$ to bring her out currently...  
 
 haa you online?
 
 then liquor it is
 
 Booze increase milk production. No touchy booze till tits shrink
 
 booze fixey fixey
 
 :D &lt;3 dork
 
 Roflmao beer no fix lol
 
 and booze fixes all. ROFL
 
 and an d and
 
 and tomorrow
 
 well you can have a drink tonight. lol
 
 I dont like it
 
 so it'll be awhile
 
 well ur nerve got fucked. 
 
 Leg keeps twitch hurting. I googled it though and it says it takes up to three months to fix if the nerve gets fucked
 
 whats up?
 
 Holy mother of god. Yeah well if I ever have any more kids (highky unlikely) I probably wont be able to have an epidural. I mean I know I should give it time etc but I think I might be permenantely fucked from it.
 
 No I mean on that friday you get to sleep in an extra hour then only do a test.
 
 (dont have to PT on thursday)
 
 I still have mandatory PT until next thursday
 
 no.. 
 
 Lol so you get to sleep in and be lazy then
 
 PT test next Friday at 800am
 
 Roflmao
 
 exactly. but I want to see what they look like so I am getting a free one. lol
 
 Uh I repeat NO. I hate spending anyway
 
 if we are spending on pics that do nothing and they are... Idk three plus times more expensive. Poop on that
 
 and wants like 6$ a pic... they better be some HELLA fucking pics
 
 but so I have an example. lol
 
 Kiera is sending me a picture later (of the modeling) and said it wont be a super sexy one. 
 
 Duh lol
 
 and you kinda need details for rene and japan. lol
 
 getting ready to go on lunch in like 10-15 minutes. an dI can swing by the house to pick up money... an dget something
 
 Mom wanta to know if you can gets us food on yoyr lunch break
 
 Sylvia is trying to get me to agree to rene going to japan next year. No details no dates nada
 
 lol  
 
 And say something about butt floss
 
 Shec assume it was mine
 
 Wsking up early member
 
 For garage till we move :P
 
 but I'm getting the queen mattress and the twin set. :P
 
 House toofull
 
 oooooook :P
 
 No we dobt need couch
 
 i meant me pick up tonight.. :P
 
 No want gohome :P
 
 hmm... want another couch? lol
 
 Home naked time lol
 
 Lolok and mom a passo you can get her tomorrow morning :P
 
 since I'm gonna have to take the seats out of the van to go get the Queen mattress I might as well try to get the bunk beds tonight as well
 
 and that will be cheaper than a futon
 
 and... we can just try to find a queen frame for the new house. 
 
 no.... then we have a 2 tier bed. hehe
 
 Roflmao but then wehas extra useless bed :P
 
 and doesnt squeak. lol
 
 unless the matress is better than ours. 
 
 :) we dont need a queen:P
 
 and the twin set on the 1st
 
 anyways... imma see if I can get out of here
 
 I'll elt you know... oh... and I might be getting a queen mattress tonight. lol 
 
 haha..
 
 how... about we dont say anything. lol because that could be bad... :P
 
 I didnt say I would but if he says something my response will be maybe you shoukd reasses something either your paranoid or you honestly believe she will cheat
 
 becuase we do not want to direct conversatino that can backfire. 
 
 umm no
 
 I just want to take him and say.... "if your that eorried shes gonna cheat then maybe you should talk to her...just you know a thought :D"
 
 ( we=I )
 
 I think we could get it dissassembled and taken to ur mums until we get to the new house. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2925778521.html
 
 Lol
 
 If we had a big enough car
 
 hmm... (shhhhhhhh)
 
 Rofl if it ever comes up you know I will
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2925481664.html\n(free playset. lol)
 
 lmfao... dont say any of that out loud... all hell would 'try' to break loose
 
 Never lol I told mom I was like I dont see why he cares
 
 its a joke. Is he realky that threatened? And if so maybe he should idk fix his "going strong" rrlationship
 
 wonder when nicholas will get back to normal. lol
 
 And I love you so thats what matters :P
 
 :D lol some ok ne has to roflmao
 
 &lt;(")  PENGUIN!
 
 :P :P :P
 
 (at least I pay my bills.. rofl (like house payments))
 
 well f you toooo woman. :P you're annoying as well
 
 lmfao
 
 Loli know I know "even though I find him anmoying its nicks own fault he told him to tell him" mom quote
 
 :P
 
 I can only do soo much
 
 its only 245pm
 
 Haha thatd what you get.  Seriously though the sooner the better. Soooooo awkward
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/2917074312.html
 
 Woooo! ~argh~
 
 so I'll be gettin goff work
 
 changing for bowling
 
 and leaving to go to my appointment with him
 
 then going to bowling..
 
 hmm... oh well.. makes it 'interesting' hahaha\nNext friday I have an appointment at the Lenders at 5pm
 
 Is weird
 
 sis isseminormal. Its like nick is trying to ignore me. He responds but directs his respondes to mom or the kids. Its weird
 
 how 'fun' is that?
 
 Get off work :P nick and linds is here
 
 california king bed. hehe
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/2894793882.html
 
 lmao
 
 Fun fun. I wanna be home so I can walk around topless. Boobs so sore
 
 fun stuff. lol
 
 she can't come this weekend
 
 bc shez an on call driver for her mum
 
 the new house
 
 about sick hubby
 
 talking to katey. lol
 
 Want go home :(
 
 Dork
 
 God my tits fn
 
hurt
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fud/2893534770.html (I can't see the picture....) but  hehe I'm looking at beds for us/ spare bedroom
 
 Wtf?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/2925418156.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/2920732215.html lol
 
 lmfao
 
 Ten more notifications roflmao
 
 Good thing I take plenty lol
 
 Rofl true :P
 
 so me loading them is a little hard. :P
 
 I never really take pictures. lol
 
 I meant of adam and saundra lol
 
 theres kinda  a reason for that..
 
 Obviously you didnt have enough pivs up
 
 lmfao
 
 Dude your mom blew up my fb every pic of saundra and adam liked or commented on lol 20+ notifications
 
 :)
 
 mwah looov eyou tooooo
 
 &lt;3 byw
 
 mwah ttyl
 
 ttyl &lt;3
 
 well
 
 im off to kill children until you get home
 
 okay well then reschedule it and then buy tickets and get her into that cukind class once the loan goes through :P
 
 because I can't do the 12th because I'm on shift work
 
 both.. lol
 
 well she either has to get her shit done or you have to make a new thing before you can order
 
 like 250$ round trip
 
 imma go start dinner...once I figure out what im cooking lol
 
 :P love you too lazy bum
 
 and when you get home there are thirty pounds of garbage in every garbage can in the house/on the laundry room floor that need to be dealt with
 
 mwah love you. :P
 
 :P
 
 also im still cranky
 
 we just need a drive on pass for me and a pass for mom and then fuck it
 
 Since the court date will be after the damn loan we will have insurance and i will get a drive on pass. So if you go next month so long as I have the van and mom has a pass...no worries
 
 if you go after that then same thing
 
 i just want it dione
 
 whatever
 
 i dont even care anymore
 
 Since the laywer will be like 450 or whatever
 
 I may just have to fucking appear. lol after the TSP loan... it will probably be cheaper to fly in and out than the Lawyer
 
 I'm working on it
 
 you probably wont get another court date until July :P
 
 I know your going as fast as you can
 
 im just afraid if you cancel it that its gonna take another two months to gedt a court date and then its gonna start all over
 
 and I have to cancel anyways.. I have shift work that week that can't be altered
 
 so there
 
 you could have done it when you got here :P
 
 and yes you could have.
 
 if they can do a time waiver or something
 
 already asked.. 
 
 youd be better off seeing if she can turn it in after
 
 I can't go any faster :P
 
 the longer you take the longer the you have for ahcccs to get ahold of your command
 
 they are broke 
 
 we are broke
 
 no way for her to take it..
 
 I already have to call lv county and cancel the hearing..
 
 now she just needs to get the class done so that you can send that in and get the divorce done
 
 that is good
 
 hopefully it passes and makes it in my account sooooon
 
 so I faxed that and my part in. 
 
 well she got the loan thing done. lol
 
 lol 
 
 Marissa has got to get that thing done so that we can get you divorced so that they dont start asking if you pay child support
 
 roflmao
 
 finally
 
 named now
 
 lol
 
 lol is she a name or just 'baby'
 
 bastards
 
 only took ALL FUCKING DAY TO GET THIS SITUATED
 
 finally talking with the ahcccs people bwhahahaha
 
 well thats cool
 
 haha its a 9 minute drive to the house. lol
 
 gotta love craigslist
 
 roflmao
 
 Craigslist free section
 
 hopefully i beat everyone else there. lol
 
 yay then we can get the bunk beds and then all the kids will have beds
 
 for free. lol
 
 and mattress and box springs. lol
 
 on the 1st I can go get a twin frame. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2920276517.html lol
 
 and i got logged onto my ahcccs online but i cant do anything
 
 im fucking magical
 
 well i finally got all the way through to the hold music
 
 lol
 
 there are so many people calling ahcccs they kicked me off like five times
 
 point being
 
 5 kids
 
 the point being you get the car here so that I can leave base by 11:45 and its all good
 
 i leave here at noon with all four kids or at eleven fourty five with all four kids
 
 its figured out
 
 been a long day. lol
 
 thats why you figure it out. lol
 
 true..
 
 she watches them at her house at least we can be stuck off base together
 
 why would we do that? then she is stuck on base alone with the kids while im stuck off base with soph
 
 not hard
 
 not really
 
 either i take te kids with me or i pick up mmo on the way
 
 because if I have to bring her on base it would be like 6am. lol
 
 we need to figure that out..
 
 I was just going to take them with me or call mom and see if she could watch them for an hour or so
 
 whos watching kids?
 
 because in order to be there in time i have to leave by noon
 
 and it starts at 9am 
 
 its marked as 2 hours.. so that means either 2 hours
 
 or 2.5 hours.. etc... 
 
 unless your sure you can be done by eleven then if you swing by here we could drop you agt sork
 
 i dont know
 
 sounds like I'm walking from PT to the appt
 
 to work. rofl.... and you are getting the van in the morning I gues....
 
 how to do that..... 
 
 hmm... lol
 
 I have to be to Speedway and alvernon tomorrow at 12:45
 
 des # 1800-352-8401
 
 A81202647
 
 roflmo
 
 but of course im on hold with ahcccs
 
 Im trying. its the docs office that called cause they were trying to fix it from their side too. And going their way they found her under Baby Girl Bjelk
 
 they were like well um..thats not her name and they were like thats what it says. So I have to call them and tell them hmm maybe you should go by the name on her birth certificate. Just a thought.
 
 she has a damn name
 
 omg... did you tell them to fucking fix it
 
 fucking retards
 
 which is why they cant find her under Johnson
 
 apparently they have her in under Baby Girl Bjelk
 
 115
 
 soo... did they make your appt tomorrow? lol
 
 I have a class tomorrow from 830ish-1100 and PT from like 7-820am
 
 check internet about caffeine transfer through breast milk
 
 lol
 
 Im soooo tired. We need more caffiene. Not that I ciuldrink it. Sooh would probabky twitch like crazy lol
 
 I'm not hungry luckily. lol
 
 im eating the last peice of chicken for my lunch. I had the last bagel for breakfast rofl
 
 good luck finding food though
 
 Trust me at this point im better then I was this morning
 
 you can take lunch yes :D whenever you want hon
 
 sooo... me lunch break? yell at kids... lol
 
 then i can be a bitch without being "mean"
 
 lol
 
 :P
 
 i hope she misses like a week so i dot have to live with another child
 
 (I told her that if she didn't follow the communication rules you wouldn't let me bring her down)
 
 whatever
 
 shes your probalem
 
 Angela is running to the gas station then she'll be back to talk more. 
 
 shes out like a light
 
 sounds like lunch break time. lol hows Sophi
 
 Rene is sooo overtired she cant even think straight and Saundra simply refuses to lay down
 
 grrrr girls
 
 pains in my ass
 
 yeah the boys are asleep all nice
 
 the girls are in their beds screaming
 
 it would be nice to know that while we will still be broke as fuck this week that next week we wouldnt be omg how are we going to make it broke still.
 
 yeah im hoping she can get it done
 
 hopefully Marissa gets the papers today
 
 because I need to go get them notarized as well.....
 
 and she knows if she misses a day that you wont be ok with er coming down at all. 
 
 she agreed that she will 'at minimum' send one fb message a day with updates until we can afford to bring her out and she's paid her dad
 
 because on base notary's are free
 
 Ok. No I know part of.it is the stress of today plus hormone drop but it really just pisses me off. You tryinf to be nice
 
 through my pissy and she cant send a text. Cunt
 
 because she can't sign the paper until she gets her id (needs it for the notary)
 
 so she's waiting on that
 
 she called this morning... she called a friend for a ride to try to get onbase today
 
 Your wife needs to get that paper signed
 
 and she knows we can't afford it currently
 
 so she knows she has time to pay her dad back
 
 before coming down. and I just told her that she has to stay in constant contact with us with one FB message a day letting us know how the money for her dad is going and that she still wants to come out
 
 (at a minimum)
 
 Pain in my butt. Besides we dont have the money anymore
 
 idk... :P
 
 Why are all your friends irresponsible teenagers?
 
 If she really neded help she would have kept in contact
 
 I honestly didnt like the idea then when she didnt respond when we are bending nds ckwards to help I think she already lost her chance
 
 well the rules will be specific and she will have to follow them or she doesnt come out
 
 any idea for curfew (she specifically asked
 
 since she'll be helping clean
 
 cook
 
 etc.. before she gets a job)\n
 
 No
 
 shes a flake
 
 sound good? :)
 
 ok
 
 I'll set rules about communication. lots of them
 
 Dumb whore
 
 And maybe I dontknow learns how to use a phone or computer
 
 Theres one
 
 How bout she grows the fuck up
 
 I only like adults
 
 I dont like her coming. Took her a week of you messaging to get het to respond I have five kids dont need six
 
 so other than no drugs
 
 what can you think of... 
 
 ?
 
 She doesnt vome cause shes an infant
 
 so she is looking already
 
 she loves the house. and the location. lol (she can find a job without a car. cuz its in walking distance. )
 
 house rules...
 
 she's asking about curfew
 
 etc.. 
 
 any ideas other than no drugs
 
 Shes a stupid head rhat it took her a week to tell you that. Fn child
 
 she asking about rules currently
 
 she apologized for not being online.. her phone was shut off so my texting her didnt work. rofl
 
 lol
 
 Happy joy calm babies
 
 angela is still good for moving.. but she can't leave until she pays off her dad (so he'll give her her sscard
 
 bc
 
 etc..) so she has been trying to do odd jobs to get that money
 
 lol
 
 fuckers the lot of them
 
 and that its all ahcccs fault that they must be back logged
 
 ha ancd the hospital just called me now and told me they turned it in on saturday.
 
 lol
 
 Apparently I will have to try ahccs again tonight or tomorrow morning bdcause the hospital alreafy called in my stay and they are "working on" calling in soph.
 
 eleven minutes ago
 
 ghe put me on hold
 
 yep
 
 if he ever gets back on the line
 
 so 3way calling. lol
 
 finally got some one at health choice who says that they will conference with ahcccs with me to make sure that its done
 
 Soph sleeps by herself lol
 
 but one. :P
 
 feed first then drugging ALL THE BABIES
 
 hmmm rene in corner
 
 billy in bedroom
 
 adam given melatonin
 
 and saundra left to wander. lol
 
 Rene is two feet form me saying she wants mama
 
 billy is doing everything he isnt supposed to do
 
 adam is refusing to do anything but cry and saundra is just walking around looking fucking confused
 
 why are our children retarded
 
 fucking retard
 
 lol
 
 fingers to earlobes
 
 rub... wooooosawwww
 
 woosaw?
 
 mwah... wooosaw
 
 im so frustrated
 
 this is bullshit
 
 i lov you to.
 
 Mwah . I lov eyou... love you love you love you
 
 damn it
 
 carp
 
 im having a fucking panick attack
 
 fuck
 
 fuckers
 
 i dont even care right now
 
 stupid fucking insurance
 
 fuck it 
 
 fucking tricare doesnt cover shit anyways
 
 exactly...
 
 I dont have copays now so long as ahcccs covers it
 
 you wont be bitching when you never have to think about copays. :P
 
 Yeah military = stupid buracratic bull shit pointless crap omg how have we not gotten blown up yet chaos
 
 and there are no co pays. lol
 
 but tricare is military so its their way. 
 
 its all fucking backwards
 
 then you do
 
 hospitals bill insurance
 
 then the hopsitals say call your doctor and make an appt
 
 thats fucking your job not your insurances
 
 its so they can schedule you for a followup to evaluate why you went to the ER
 
 and how well do hospitals work? lol
 
 thats fucking retarded
 
 fuck that thats the hospitals damn job. Why shoulod i have to call my insurance to warn them that I had to use them
 
 if it is an emergency. you go
 
 and notify tricare within 24 hours
 
 no. not what I said. 
 
 screw that 
 
 yeah no
 
 wed have to call to get permission to go to the fucking emergency room
 
 and everyone bows down to tricare. lol
 
 grr... see we need to get divorced 
 
 married
 
 and then its Tricare. lol
 
 so I left a message with a financial advisor who apparently is in charge of all the ahcccs shit
 
 but the hospital wont answer their FN phone this time
 
 Ahcccs says that it has to go through health choice and that health choice will get it through the hospital. The hospital said that it goes through the insurance
 
 health choice said it goes through Ahcccs which goes through the hospital. Which leads me to believe that the HOPSITAL NEEDS TO CALL ONE OR BOTH.
 
 what does the acchs office say?
 
 Okay so apparently no one can fix it so Soph will never go to the doctors because they are all idiots
 
 neither do I. I want to just grab the car
 
 pack up the kids and storm the hospitals financial office with all five kids looking haggard and crazy and tell them to FUCKING FIX IT
 
 hmm... I dont have any idea
 
 Im seriously going to pull my heair out or possibly commit a crime against my insurance. im to fucking tired and stressed for this crap
 
 and no one at UMC even knows who I would have to talk to
 
 So im back on hold with UMC. trying to get a hold of someone
 
 which is what I said and they went well call the hospital again. Fuckers
 
 i have called all of the offices you are telling me to and you keep sending me back and forth. fix it. I have a newborn that requires an appointment
 
 Im like how bout one of you just fucking fix it
 
 and they are all mad at me cause im getting bitchy
 
 get all of them on the line at once. (listen fuckers... you all say call eachother... so figure it out)
 
 We need 4way calling. lol 
 
 I swear if i had the hundred dollars for the newborn check up i would just say fuck it
 
 called ahccs they said call health choice
 
 called health choice they transfered me back
 
 they said call the hospital
 
 called hospital they said call health choice. Fucking stupid bullshit
 
 GET HOME ASAP &lt;3
 
 need WALK NOW
 
 If we are nice we can bring her down in august instead of this summer so she can go to adams first day of school
 
 :P
 
 so long as she is either in a hotel or only stays with us for a week or so (without you making me crazy) then i should be able to hold my tongue
 
 maybe. once she signs the papers and we get the moneys then we might be able to afford it
 
 rofl
 
 maybe we can bring her down to visit them and take it off of her tab. lol
 
 marissa said she might not be able to take the kids this summer. so I'm assuming its a her and Ryenn fight... 
 
 mikey says kris is picking him up so no worries tonigh
 
 2 minutes apart and definitely stronger now
 
 lol
 
 shes gonna start bruising and it will just look bad
 
 I seriously cant go six minutes without her hurting herself
 
 wow
 
 she is paying no attention to what she is doing today
 
 she has fallen on her but/walked into walls/just stabbed herself in the eye with sunglasses
 
 ?
 
 Saundra has turned into one of the boys
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 while..mf keyboard is pissing me off
 
 "if your gf/wife/whatever was in labor do you think she would let you bowl if she still had a wile to go?"
 
 ask them
 
 i mean it. talk to guys at bowling
 
 hehe
 
 lol
 
 damn
 
 yeah you had better realize how dam spoiled you really are
 
 :)  looooove you
 
 moms pissed at me tht there is even a chance of you bowling tonight
 
 we could be millionaires and you would still be lucky i let you bowl
 
 we dont have money for me to anyways. lol
 
 so you staying out till one am is unlikely
 
 hahahaha  :P
 
 cause im a bitch
 
 however im not letting you stay after bowling if im still contractring
 
 apparetnly he got the times wrong and they are open until 1 am
 
 ? why 'as late as possible'?
 
 normally its empty by the 15th
 
 im suprised it lasted that long
 
 we spent the last of it like two days ago
 
 otherwise your supposed to pick him up as "late as humanly possible" 
 
 Mikey is going to see if Kris can pick him up at 1 am instead of earlier if i dont go into labor
 
 lol  how the hell did that work. lol
 
 0.00
 
 to see how much is left. :P
 
 ?
 
 why would I check it
 
 its empty
 
 well we will get a ham and you can eat meat and ill make a sandwhich. I hate it
 
 for christmas and easter we do this now and its annoying. I miss having REAL holiday dinners. 
 
 check your foodstamps card..
 
 me want meat!
 
 bread stupid
 
 but usually just like a spiral cut honey baked or something
 
 we get a HAM then make sandwhiches
 
 like tha ham I made for Thanksgiving with my kiddos in England
 
 hehe yummy
 
 that I can take chunks out of
 
 I want a HAM
 
 fancy ones
 
 so that will leave at least another 150 for you in my account. We are having ham sandwhiches on easter
 
 oh.... I want a ham
 
 so thats only gonna be like maybe 40 dollars if I just buy her one of thos safeway princess cakes
 
 and.. its 5-7 business days for the loan to go through and be deposited in my account
 
 well fs covers the ham for the party (dont ask) the candy for the pinata
 
 bitch needs to fill out that paperwork
 
 this is starting to get fun. lol
 
 and rene needs a barbie topper for her cake and a damn pinata
 
 lol
 
 so that is 400 that will come from the 200 I put in your account
 
 plus the 150 on monday and the 150 on next monday
 
 but.. I still have to get the cadi. lol
 
 no
 
 cause that is an extra 390 to pay bills with lol
 
 did you add in my 247 plus the 150 in my account?
 
 so... lol that means that we have 20$ woooooo! rofl
 
 1320$ on next friday
 
 lol
 
 I dotn have a lot of patience for other people
 
 ever
 
 most of the time shes just annoying and I want to hang up on her for you
 
 :P
 
 well now you know how I feel most of the time
 
 yup
 
 In this scenario and this scenario only I want to fix her because her being broken and pathetic is interfering with the things I want
 
 I want me damn loan paperwork
 
  lol 
 
 and me mor eocndesending
 
 which makes her more pathetic then if she were just pathetic
 
 i feel that shes pathetic
 
 mainly because im in labor
 
 in pain
 
 cranky thinking all women are whores
 
 annoyed she isnt getting the paperwork done and i have the urge to pat her on the head and go oh poor baby if only you were a grown up
 
 hopefully she can get it in tomorrow
 
 :(
 
 lobby
 
 with all the other phones. I stepped out to check messages
 
 guess not.
 
 I really need that fucking form... but it looks like I aint gettin git today
 
 and why do you have your cell at work?
 
 I dont know
 
 trying to figure out if something happened
 
 or if he got pissy from reading one text
 
 then she called
 
 crying.. saying it wasn't getting done today and that I couldn't txt or call today.. 
 
 oh... haha... mwah.. have fun hun
 
 and when I got the wrong person text I sent..
 
 I texted back.. No I work all day 
 
 so she was trying to get ryenn.
 
 and she also asked if I was off work. then said that was the wrong person texted 
 
 so I said I needed email
 
 hmm... Marissa texted me.. asking if I needed it emailed or if she could fax it.. 
 
 ugh its chaffy
 
 then you just walk away
 
 its ridiculous
 
 you start more drama then anyone else i know
 
 I hate drama
 
 but its sooooo fun to watch
 
 hehee you know it. 
 
 ahh. lol 
 
 :P
 
 you drama starting bastard
 
 so it wouldnt even go there
 
 rofl hes been worried about it for two months + now
 
 LMFAO
 
 that would be great... she comes to hang out with you after he knows I want to buy nude pics... hmm wonder where his fucked up mind will go if she is prego. 
 
 hehehe...
 
 they had to do a sono
 
 preggo tests come out negative but her son didnt show up on a test at all
 
 roflmao shes got rocky worrie dshes knocked up again
 
 uh oh.... katey has motion sickness. lol
 
 lol
 
 after soph is born
 
 a week or so in when im healing and better. I wanna get a chair and sit on the back patio and smoke a cig and drink a beer and just be
 
 i miss beer
 
 i guess so
 
 he misses his drinking buddy ;)
 
 lmao
 
 a drunk apparently as his response to have i changed that much was "I dunno
 
 you jt do not drink cause you are prego. im sure you will get back to normal post baby lol"
 
 what wer eyou before me? lol
 
 apparently youve changed me
 
 he says i would like his friend. she reminds him of me before you......
 
 lol
 
 minimum :P
 
 thats like 4/21/2012
 
 besides
 
 you cant go anywhere with her for 6 weeks anyway
 
 so just let them do their thing themselves
 
 and kris is still holding out for monogamy
 
 :P
 
 when she wants to go out she can
 
 he isnt stoppng her
 
 she is stopping her
 
 its not worse
 
 its not bad
 
 there is no problem
 
 well its better to start trying to help now
 
 before it gets worse though
 
 lol 
 
 I think he thinks its cute especially because the girl in question is a literal just friend
 
 I dont think there is anything to fix right now
 
 I dont think Kris minds
 
 then I'll see if I can help (since me and kiera would be the  sam eperson in this scenario)
 
 she wants open but cant let him be onpen
 
 he thinks its one of those things where well...us
 
 I'll text her in a bit. lol
 
 she was jealous of his female friend or something
 
 I'm confused. ..
 
 she doesnt want anyone other then Kris
 
 but still an open relationship and he isnt sure if its good or not. I think......
 
 apparently she is over anyone other then Kris for a while but hasnt asked to end the open relationship thing. I said yay? and he wasnt sure it was a yay thing. Im not getting a lot of explanation here
 
 so... either
 
 she doesnt want anyone other than kris
 
 or.. doesnt want anyone other than me and kris.. lol I'm confused
 
 Kris just texted me that
 
 and no I have no idea what in fuck that means and am in the process of attempting to have it explained
 
 what? lol
 
 apparently "Phillip totally turned kiera off to other men lol"
 
 i was checking to see who was online
 
 that has'nt made it to this account. lol
 
 dont do that
 
 you confuse me when you do that
 
 wtf your other one was on
 
 lol
 
 cuz he's 2
 
 and why in hell doesnt any of them just call him
 
 its friday
 
 so unless somehting has suddenly changed she should be going back to her fathers
 
 I just got phone calls from mom
 
 michelle
 
 sylvia and Grandma asking me if im taking her when they are done or if she is going back to her fathers...
 
 lol
 
 If its the cousin and husband im thinking of they are like 29ish and cool
 
 apparently Rene is going to Pheonix with Grandma and Aunti michelle to see my second cousin and her husband in a production of School house Rock.
 
 lol
 
 and fine
 
 I will just have a cubic zarconium one made up for cheaper
 
 you get spending money same as if we won regualr millions and still have to follow the rules :P
 
 uh uh thats no fair
 
 haha
 
 if you win a bilion dollars you can buy it
 
 then.... I get whoever
 
 whenever
 
 wherever
 
 however
 
 forever. lol
 
 why cant i have it if I win billion dollars?
 
 but but its pretty
 
 forever. lol
 
 if you get something close to resembling it
 
 I get whoever
 
 whenever
 
 however
 
 and whereever
 
 you cannot will not never ever ever
 
 no! lol
 
 Okay that I WANT. I need to win BILLIONS so I can buy that. I NEEEEEEED IT. ITS SOOOOOOO PREEEEEETTTYYY.
 
 http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/sideshow/world-first-diamond-150-carat-ring-created-swiss-141731588.html lol
 
 stupid body
 
 but they arent fucking doing anything
 
 contractions hurt
 
 BABY NEED COME OUT
 
 and maybe doing jumping jacks
 
 when im done eating i plan on marching
 
 yeah i want baby bad enough im eating the rest of the castor oil omlette while bouncing on the ball 
 
 lol
 
 I dont want anyone other then you right now
 
 its your fault so you gotta fix it lol
 
 well we aren't far enough in 'my' progression for you to fix that without me so I'm sorry :P :P :P lol
 
 :( 
 
 lol
 
 I WANNA HAVE BABY NOOOOOOWWW
 
 but but need semen
 
 :'(
 
 can't .I have the mock PT test.
 
 semen ripens cervixes or some crap like that
 
 Well come home for lunch and well have a quicky.
 
 Ugh
 
 yup. :P
 
 You are always horny
 
 booored... and horny from all this damn talk. :P
 
 :D
 
 love you toooo
 
 dork &lt;3 u
 
 hehe we can do bulk buying off of one card at costco
 
 and regular at safeway with the other. lol hehe
 
 i dont know if they roll over longer
 
 ive never tried more then a month
 
 for a month
 
 we just always have them all spent by mid month
 
 how much do they roll over though?
 
 and yes they do
 
 with the five kids its ridiculous now
 
 we need a fucking freezer anyway so I can buy in bulk bulk bulk at costco anyway
 
 and they dont roll over so we have to use use use. hehe
 
 1
 
000$ worth of foodstamps a month lol
 
 true.. but we definately need to get a stand alone deep freezer when she moves down. lol
 
 its also two more kids for me to watch when/if she gets a job etc etc dork face
 
 lol whatever dork face
 
 for the (household) lol
 
 and she'll get on Food Stamps when she gets down here. so thats like another 500$ a month
 
 but... at a minimum
 
 we will eventually get some rent money out of it. 
 
 soo.... it would be nice if we both like her. hehe
 
 :D 
 
 okey dokey... and then we can keep them (if we can 'obtain' them) heh
 
 I highly doubt that will  ever happen babe
 
 but you can keep dreaming. I promise if I get a girl crush
 
 which has been known to happen
 
 i will ingorm you
 
 hopefully one of these days. (after we move into the house) we find a girl that your jaw hits the floor with. lol
 
 lol
 
 i tend to let them all blend together in my head
 
 no
 
 she has a wedding next month remember.
 
 she can't come down for like almost 2 months. 
 
 L:P
 
 and besides you cant do anything till six weeks
 
 god knows im gonna need stitches
 
 gotta give me six weeks
 
 hopefully you are better from baby by then
 
 true.. if she's up for it and I'm not sick
 
 we are all having "lots' of fun hehe
 
 eh i can get my own fresh faces
 
 and I dont ten d to look for girls to friend lol. but I figured on giving you another "week of fun" hopefully no one gets sick on this one. 
 
 but at a bare minimum
 
 its a new friend that isn't in your circle. so its  a fresh face
 
 hows that sound?
 
 I figured we would all have sex when she's here (when she gets drunk and wants to. lol) (she already said she'll probably try to steal you) hehe\nand I could sleep with her a couple times. and after she leaves we can assess.
 
  I can deal with that. I just dont think I like the idea of you sleeping with her while she lives with us if I didnt like her. Then its kind of okay a lot more of disrespectful then if I dont like her and you fuck her AFTER she gets her own place. I know I know I have weird lines...
 
 but I/we will probably sleep with her when she visits
 
 with drinking involved. all the fun stuff. hehe.. and if you two like eachother we can see if she wants to 'play' when she comes back. or.. after she leaves. if you didnt' like her
 
 then she is off limits when she moves down here
 
 :D
 
 I loooooovvveee you too
 
 Mwah LOOOOVE you
 
 and hunny.. you're pregnant
 
 and just chugged castro oil
 
 you are allowed to be cranky
 
 I would probably sleep with her when she came to visit
 
 but if you didn't like her then I wouldn't sleep with her when she moved in
 
 in case you didnt notice I am also cranky...
 
 I know you
 
 :P
 
 you soooo would and you would sleep with her in our house before she moved out
 
 i wouldn't sleep with her there. :P
 
 I find it annoying when you "move people down" just cause its like here is this person thats going to stay with us/fuck me for a week and you have no opinion in it and then we will send them home for a while then wether you like it or not they are coming back down to live with us with their two kids and ill continue to sleep with her but just for you if you dont like her then we will move her out to her own house and ill sleep with her there....
 
 regardless she'll probably move down with her two
 
 get a job
 
 and eventually pay us rent or move out
 
 if you dont see it 'lasting' 
 
 maybe amanda
 
 but who knows... lol
 
 I wont
 
 I will just wait til you're better and we'll find one we like together. :)
 
 I would be sad if you went away with a hooker
 
 &lt;3 I hope so
 
 :P   is true
 
 
 
 :P So you say lol... When hormonal and in labor....hard to believe.
 
 but you already know that part
 
 I lov eyou and I'm not going anywhere
 
 and you will alwasy be #1 :P
 
 And ya love me not going anywhere. You forgot that part :P
 
 haha yup 
 
 whores. rofl......
 
 whoooooorrrreees :D
 
 Yeah we have definitely reached the I need continual reassurance that you love ME and only Me right now and that all the rest are still prospects/hookups and you arent going anywhere. Oh and agreement all Other women are whores. And you know backrubs and shit. Yep yep yep yep yep 
 
 &lt;3 mucho. I forgot how much this sucks
 
 &lt;3 
 
 okey dokey
 
 thats your positinon
 
 I cant beat mom for the pain
 
 as soon as you are done with pt if I am still in the hospital your ass is going to be there.
 
 you should be :P
 
 sry. :P
 
 kidna weird
 
 kinda like what you say to an aquaintance having surgery
 
 thats rather informal
 
 and stop saying I hope it all goes well
 
 I love you to
 
 mwah love you
 
 I hope it all goes well
 
 ok
 
 
 
 Kris is headed to get him
 
 so when you get off after your meeting mikey will be here. I will keep you updated on whatever is going on. 
 
 Mikey is out of school headed to the house. In theory Kris is talking to his supervisor right nowand headed to get mikey
 
 i can try.. I have to come home and change after my 3pm meeting
 
 hopefully he will be able to
 
 lol
 
 If Kris cant get off work is there anyway that you can drop me off at the gate pick up mikey and take him to the house?
 
 the way these contractions are going I may bnot need to be induced. 
 
 one or the other
 
 Ihope that everything goes well today
 
 or.. that they induce you. 
 
 ok
 
 Moms gonna see if kris can bring mikey here take me to mom.
 
 Fuck ill call krs I donr think I can wait that long.
 
 so would your mum want to go as well?
 
 and I have to drop you off and go to PT
 
 I probably wont be off until like 4pm
 
 ok
 
 When you get off work you needo pick up mikey
 
 bring him her and take me to hospital.
 
 and welcomed
 
 you need to be done as soon as you can be. I realize that you have no actual control. But just you know
 
 lack of dawling and sense of expediency would be amazing
 
 still dork
 
 it didn't work for my phone remember (charger)
 
 and why did you bring your charger down stairs when my spare charger is plugged into the computer?
 
 :P
 
 With big boots
 
 Well that saves us with the caddi and the house and vegas. But if you take it out your gonna be good about spending it or I kick your ass
 
 now to txt her rofl.. this'll be fun..
 
 but.. I can't make TSP contributions for 6 months... 
 
 imma take out  a 5000$ loan and repay it over 5 years..  (hehe   with the TSP I only have 1.68% interest. LMFAO)
 
 See isa genius lol
 
 lol   especially since Imma fax it to them. rofl
 
 Everything requires her signature. We need a stamp made from her signature so we can just bam be done
 
 Roflmao of course it does.
 
 requires Marissa Signature. rofl
 
 looking at taking a loan through my TSP
 
 :P
 
 Good boy lol
 
 :D
 
 yup
 
 Youre a fruit. There are no girls in existence right now.  Just me cause im in labor :P
 
 until amanda comes down lol
 
 :P
 
 Dork
 
 lmao now we have a room for katey to stay in when she comes and cleans. rofl
 
 mwah
 
 Ugh nausea im never eating again
 
 I love you tooooooooooooo
 
 mwah love you
 
 &lt;3 ya
 
 you figure shit out and let me know if I need to go begging for cash or not.
 
 okay im gonna stop worrying about it cause my labors getting bad again. SO imma go curl up on my ball and watch tv and chillax
 
 which knocks everything up to coming up with 1750 which kinda fucks us
 
 we might need to which sucks
 
 yea... 400 on the 1st....
 
 I'm looking at taking a loan from my TSP (military 401K)
 
 yea I know
 
 And dont you have to finish buying the caddi
 
 And we still have no fn insurance on the van
 
 Shit too cause june is when you go to vegas. You are going to have like no money you knkw.
 
 Gives us teo months to balance sort of
 
 Rofl yay maybe then we will catch up before being fucked again lol
 
 i know..  grr......  well after this we dont have to spend money except for bills until june. lol
 
 Ok well then we sgould heve the money by friday and no worries. We just cant buy ANYTHING
 
 Unless ive been really confused the past 10 months
 
 the 1st is Sunday... so I get it on friday
 
 You get oaid 1 and 15th....
 
 Friday is the 30th
 
 The first is sundzy not friday
 
 i get paid next friday
 
 I can come up with 500 but I dont know how the fuck to come up with the other 800 unless you get paid early...
 
 and the appraisal is the 400 and its paid 3-4 weeks before close
 
 we need 1365$ ish    within 10 days. 
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 Yeah hooker...
 
 :P oh and 25 in scratchers
 
 Kk I dont need a link :P
 
 an dI was showing it to Elissa (katrina's friend)
 
 this one works
 
 so if that links dies fo ryou
 
 its listed here 
 
 http://www.movoto.com/az/7962-e-2nd-st-tucson/472_21206645.htm
 
 Roflmao
 
 damn.. the listing expired lol so dont go away from that page. lol
 
 :P
 
 Stop showing my house to hookers
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other%2Frun_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwnt8nv1tli&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1
 
 can you give me the link to the house?
 
 the book money was the 200$  so there isn't anything in there
 
 And what would be my kelly kris money for phone etc goes to bills :P
 
 Ok so 150 in account plus 150 monday =300...\n300 +147 on the thirtieth = 447 plus dont you have money left in the book? So we can probably come up with like 500 by the 31st. And like 1650 give or take your paycheck by the third. Then we are completely broke again until the 9th and 13th.
 
 K
 
 well.. I'm leaving work.  so head to the vis center in like 10 mminutes
 
 alsoo..... if they accept the offer
 
 we have to come up with 1000$ of earnest money... BOOO!   
 
 lmfao you kidding? if she got kicked out and stayed in our spare room
 
 she'd still have to clean
 
 and 'work' for her room and board. :P
 
 howso? :P
 
 Lol your a freeeaaaaakkkk
 
 haha well she would have to work for her rent. ;) ROFL
 
 Lol nope shes a big girl
 
 ROFL jk jk
 
 well I aint rich enough
 
 and dont have enough permission (from you) to pay her rent for her. 
 
 lol
 
 Got castor oil and the printable paper for michaels outfit $30
 
 Out lol
 
 Her choice do dishes or pay rent or get iyt
 
 well its kinda true. lol with Nicholas breathing down her neck
 
 he doesnt give her time to do the cleaning
 
 (especially since she doesnt' wake up early)
 
 She knows. Mom tells her gives her a week then she cleans then stops then it repeats. Mom told her to do the dishes today and she was like but I have my class. Mom said uts a four hour class
 
 you have all day. She said she wouldnt have time. Guess thats enough to piss ma off
 
 you should text her
 
 let her know she needs to clean more. because your sick mum is going to kick her out...  :)
 
 In ten minutes lol
 
 And four kids
 
 Moms talking about kicking her out agsin. Hiuse is a hell hole. Cleaner in my en minites with me
 
 ahh.. fun. haha
 
 Well and I think she had her parentingclass today or something  mom said something about her being in class four hrs
 
 oh yea. lol kris has kayhlen so they aren't at the house ever. lol
 
 Yep ince I get there. Granted shes been gone all day.
 
 bored... nothing to do...
 
 Arent you apposed to be working neway
 
 ahh... so you are gonna be stuck with them in a bit. rofl
 
 No driving still lol
 
 see. you went poof again :P
 
 meza sorry....
 
 so you stuck at the house with Nick and linds? 
 
 sry... no one is really online
 
 even you go off and on. and I'm bored at work..
 
 Srry im not amusing:P
 
 ..
 
 ..'
 
 booooored.
 
 no clue...
 
 Text me or call when you get off work and we will meet you at visitors center. Was there anything we needed to pick up today? Or are we good? Im contemplating castor oil for friday night see if I cant have ba by sat
 
 lol
 
 She tsks me a lot
 
 Shes known me my whole life
 
 Well she was my pediatrician lol
 
 im booooored
 
 lol
 
 Docs excited/tsking im preggo
 
 lol
 
 Hes happy he has a pee cup and a sticker
 
 haha
 
 Noshots lol
 
 Fn traffics baad
 
 Shell say
 
 grr..
 
 Lol the answers no.when she gets rocky situated....if that ever happens
 
 soo.. you should text katey and ask if I can talk to her again
 
 because I'm bored at wrok. :)
 
 we pushed it into a parking lot. so after this crap
 
 it looks like I might actually have to have it towed... unless i can get it to work with another battery.... 
 
 Rry atleast caddi not on st
 
 i so?
 
 I so
 
 do you have any idea how hard it is not to message katey? I'm bored... and she is one of the few people online. lol
 
 ended up being me
 
 an A1C
 
 a Captain
 
 and a Colonel pushing it (died at the first light onbase)
 
 r u done with your appt?
 
 lol
 
 so I can't even try to drive to work after lunch. :P 
 
 grrr.. you took the cadi keys... just thought about that... 
 
 lol
 
 She turned side ways then rotated. Doc said I get a haooy ultra sound every week until I have her now because she doesnt trust her to stay put.
 
 lol
 
 Now to go into labor
 
 Sooh turned in waitimg room
 
 yup
 
 Get to work ok?
 
 kk
 
 kay.....come home soon :P love you Imma go crawl back to the couch now 
 
 okey dokey
 
 we'll figure it out when she gets here. :)
 
 Or we could just get a day bed. You know the twin beds that have the metal sides and back along one end. Like a fouton but its really a twin matress with a metal "couch" frame you can put pillows up against
 
 unless she likes the futon
 
 then after we get it converted
 
 get her a bed bed
 
 if we aren't doing a complete (room making) out of it
 
 that would give her a couch and a bed..
 
 okay....
 
 we will probably get her a futon for the den then. :) 
 
 which is what I said dork face :P
 
 http://www.rentals.com/Arizona/Tucson/r1325606/\nsimilar house to ours for rent 1800sq ft ((ours is 2200sqft)) (square footage is a little less but be can expect between that and $1800 *3200sqft))
 
 we need the extra room to seperate the boys so that hopefully they wont trash everything probably the den and then if she decides to stay/rent then turn into a "Real room"
 
 and just think..... if Angela comes out
 
 she can help us move. HAHA  (would you want to give her her own room
 
 or makeshift that 'den/extra room/ into her room?)
 
 just owie
 
 im not gonna die
 
 its fine if you have to wait a little bit lol
 
 I'll come save you
 
 I can leave now. I will be on the computer a lot tonight though
 
 until her responds :)
 
 Okay
 
 just trying to fix my day around everything. My head is still pounding so im kinda stuck wandering between the computer desk and the couch. Im trying to figure out if I need to find the energy to cook or if you will be home in time to make noodles and save me
 
 need those done so I can get the offer in today
 
 I only found one initial and one sig I missed
 
 so I am trying to get him to email me back on the other initial
 
 trying to wait for a response from the realtor
 
 he said I missed two initials and one signature on the contract. 
 
 true which would be nice. You gonna be getting off work anytime soon?
 
 ok
 
 even 1200 is still like 400 profit
 
 so with the property manager its still like 2-300$ profit a month. rofl
 
 which would be nice
 
 but unless the market goes back up I doubt you will be able to get more then 1200 for it
 
 minus the property manager fee
 
 think.... if we rent it for like 1500$ a month (SSGT BAH basically)  it would be 700$ a month profit
 
 and im pretty sure you mena when YOU leave TU son
 
 :P
 
 is ugly
 
 yeppers
 
 we can rent that house for between like 1000-1800$  when we leave Tucson. haha
 
 bwahahahaha
 
 panick that he will never be able to stop paying for her insurance
 
 haha.. what do you think he'll do
 
 which makes me want to tell Rob when he calls that her doctor sent her to an onclogyst to get it removed and just not mention that it is a beniegn cyst she has had her whole life and is in no way shape or form cancer
 
 mom told the doctor she needed that cyst removed from her neck cause it was swollen and causing pain so they sent her to an oncologyst
 
 ?
 
 Gonna tell rob momhas cancercause yhedoc told her to call cancer surgeon to remove cust
 
 lol
 
 until Rene showed her it didnt really come off by taking my nose. Now she keeps taking everyone elses noses
 
 I played Got your nose with Saundra....she freaked and thought I took her nose
 
 Adam is banished to the upstairs because he sat on Billys head
 
 I hopeyourehome soon
 
 "ga ged dada." Shes such a daddys girl when shes cranky
 
 Naw im not supposdd totakethem anyway. Just turned off the lights and trying to tune the kids out
 
 hmm pain kilers upstairs
 
 I finallygother quiet finally but notthem and they give memigraine
 
 Been there
 
 they are now banished upstairs away from me.
 
 corners. lol
 
 Kids fn woke up saundra who is inconsolable. Fuckers
 
 ?
 
 Grrr
 
 Blech blah bloop
 
 you should feel loved
 
 shes currently curled up on my lap wrapped in a blanky going "dada...dada dada hobe (which i can only assume means home) dada!!!!!"
 
 kk
 
 If Saundra doesnt feel better tomorrow you need to call the doctor. Shes all congesty and swelled up and yucky and feverish. Poor baby 
 
 Ugh
 
 Sophia. . . . :P
 
 and sophya shall rule them all !!!!   haha
 
 Demon spawn deeeemmmmoonn spawn
 
 lol
 
 Boys retarded.....no brains
 
 they must have been removed last night. And someone has become a drama queen
 
 ? what?
 
 Omfg
 
 lol
 
 im definitely preggo lol
 
 im tired/in need of snuggles/horny/hungry/owie
 
 lol
 
 8===D~ ({})  the internet is full of porn bwahahahahaha
 
 &lt;3 :P :D 
 
 :P
 
 I told her that when she texted about it in the first place :P
 
 See this is why I have to repeat things with you. I told her she had to figure out if she was getting rides from her family etc or if she was going to come over when you were off work so you could sign her on etc
 
 does she know that I will probably be the one picking her up?
 
 so........ we are going to see Luis after I get off work
 
 to get the 200$
 
 unless im boinking them
 
 then I say the same things over and over and over and over again
 
 :P
 
 that whole repetative shit is so not my deal
 
 no I only ask people once
 
 you asked today?&gt;
 
 I already did :P when she is free she will come over
 
 lol
 
 so you gonna ask Katey to come clean?
 
 and Im out of ICE
 
 now its an emergency lol
 
 haha
 
 yeah getting freaky with the internet and shit
 
 well I'm busy :P
 
 ahh.... check... ok
 
 bank?
 
 get off work so we can go to the store and the bank and then back home and feed the kids so I can sleep :P 
 
 lol  :P
 
 which is good cause we also need milk and cereal and bread
 
 bwahahaha by the end of the day we will have like 300.00
 
 we have $25.00 whole dollars in scratchers above the computer too lol
 
 lol
 
 lol
 
 but then we would have to figure out where to get your grandparents money from so either way...
 
 well in theory if you take the car money for may thats the money for june
 
 ah I keep forgetting about that
 
 its monday
 
 oh for the car?
 
 and we get 200$ today
 
 which is enough to buy rene a present and a cake and still have money left over. YAAAAAAAYYYYY
 
 On the upside on the thirtieth I wil have 247.00..... 
 
 we are RICH AS FUCK
 
 ooh yay so once I deposit my check we will have like 40 in my account and like 100 dollars cash lol
 
 I just finished  pulling us out to -500
 
 lol  ouchies
 
 If you get the chance this evening or tonight I need to swing by moms and get my tax return check so I can deposit it. My child support finally came in but IM still negative 20 bucks
 
 theres still a few halves left because for some reason neither of them understand eating the WHOLE cookie. Okie dokie well
 
 you get to figure that one out. I can come up with a hundred maybe. Since my babysitting money is going to birthday parties. 
 
 we need to save about 765 dollars for like June (if the sellers accept)
 
 grr...
 
 they were there last night also
 
 you left the cookies where Billy and Saundra can reach
 
 Ufffffff ga lol soph poophead
 
 Lol I cant post
 
 cant coment or like and messaging goes in and out/i get locked out
 
 so I just have to 'assume' I have a new bmessage and check
 
 I have horrible load time. but thats about it
 
 lots of refreshes
 
 and no notificatins show up
 
 I have to keep going ba bbl and forth between comp and phone as my account is "disabled"
 
 but its  sucking here as well
 
 hasn't tried to switch me yet. hehe
 
 fuck you face book
 
 I think its FB trying to switch me over to the FN TIMELINE I ALREADY HAVE
 
 I find this frustrating
 
 I dont know if FB is being a bitch or if the computer is
 
 damn child fell AGAIN
 
 I googling to see if your kids can take loratidine. Although everything agrees with me (not that im going to test it because well
 
 fuck if I want to deal with that) the likely hood of ANYONE being allergic to an antihistimine is slim to none. They are probably allergic to they dye or one of the innactive ingredients. everything says that they should be able to tak eclaritine though. Maybe this weekend when your home we will try it if Saundra is still so congesty
 
 I might be a bit cranky today
 
 Actually Billy was given a sponge and forced to scrub it up
 
 Rene was checked then laughted at and Adam and Saundra are hiding from me because after the third "I already said no" I turned and screamed like a demon
 
 hmm.... billy is getting beat
 
 Rene is getting laughed at
 
 adam and sissy are getting ignored
 
 Billy just turned the entry way blue with  crayon
 
 Rene tripped at the top of the stairs from running
 
 Adam refuses to leave the kitchen because "i hungry
 
" even though he had two bowls of cereal and told me an hour ago his tummy was "so too full" and Saundra is screaming at me because I refuse to bow to her wims. 
 
 Im glad yoyr helping I guess lil
 
 Lol dork
 
 tell Katey HIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;3  MWAH!  
 
 so we are dealing with it
 
 and is thinking about them getting in an arguement if she dates someone other than me and when she breaks up just going to the other person. 
 
 hes' fine
 
 thought she wasn't coming home. lol
 
 Is he mentallyok?
 
 Good good. We are sitting at mcds letting thr kids run lol
 
 me nd kris are like 10 emails deep working out his issues. lol
 
 lol well you having fun? lol
 
 No she lives so far I thought that I must have passed it because there was nothing. Noo she lives past the nothing
 
 Roflmao wellwe shall see.
 
 lol
 
 her being EXTREMELY broke has altered her mind... they have 300$ for 3 weeks. 
 
 oh... Leah is still up for coming out this fall to (pay me back) possibly
 
 ??
 
 Holy god I just picked her up f the zoo we are staying in marana fn egypt
 
 Van and freeway?
 
 Ft hoochy cooch
 
 that place
 
 so I need to drive to Ft watchu......
 
 kk
 
 They dont need ssn
 
 And mail to prove where ya live lol
 
 just shots and bc?
 
 what did they need for rene
 
 now to somehow get his shot records
 
 ... and his SScard
 
 Yeah....
 
 now to figure out how the hell to do Saundra........
 
 just ordered Adam's BC
 
 lips. :P
 
 Ill peck her for yey lol
 
 but you gotta kiss her. :P
 
 sure ttyl
 
 hehe
 
 and katey kisses? ;)
 
 muah my darling
 
 i know i know ill give you katey hugs biproxy later
 
 grrrrrrr
 
 well you and your gf have fun. without anything to do with me :'( 
 
 not &lt;
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt; you
 
 probably waaaaaaaayyy before
 
 ill be done by the time your done with work and workout
 
 etc..
 
 and need to go drop the car off. 
 
 remember I have bowling also. 
 
 kk (you might need gas)
 
 so you can get me back home lol
 
 alright im headed out. I will see you later tonight
 
 love you too hun
 
 I love you....
 
 lol
 
 cause your my horny little bastard
 
 :D
 
 i love that your a horny little bastard
 
 :P so dont think its  a judgement
 
 Hey I appreciate your horn dog
 
 &lt;(")
 
 =)
 
 &gt;:P
 
 &gt;:)
 
 :P
 
 not
 
 a
 
 bit
 
 
 
 dont even care a little bit anymore
 
 not today
 
 :P
 
 see horn dog 
 
 and I can give her 'what she needs" HAHAHA
 
 Lender said we are good for the loan
 
 and the realtor said he'll contact the sellers today
 
 im pissed
 
 but im doing what he should FUCKING BE DOING and keeping calm and giving her what she NEEDS
 
 I love you too
 
 :)
 
 but I love you
 
 I'm more than moderatly irritated now. 
 
 fine. :P
 
 hopefully in person i can judge her reactions better and make it not presuuring
 
 your allowed to be frustrated
 
 im frustrated
 
 but she was making herself upset because she was trying so hard to fix it so that everyone was happy. So I jsut kinda took us out of it for a little bit. We will talk about it today when we go out. 
 
 no yuour allowed to be annoyed. I would assume so as they both know I dont work
 
 they do know that I would be the one paying for her to clean right?
 
 Just annoyed that the 3 of us
 
 are dealing with restrictions on dealing with things that should involve me because he's retarded.
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other%2Frun_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwnt8nv1tli&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1
 
 And I justfucked youthis morning :P
 
 You fix it?
 
 nm
 
 can't go backwards in my email. typin an email to the lender
 
 can you give me the link to the house?
 
 :P
 
 well fuck you too. 
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P so there
 
 so we still get to see each other. 
 
 Im seeing if she wants to go to the zoo. We decided the best way to avoid stressing her out was if for the near future we just excluded you and rocky
 
 dicks there problem solved
 
 penisesseses wtf is the plural of penis?
 
 peni
 
 stupid penis
 
 cause you are a horn dog and Rocky is and ASSFACE
 
 but NOOOOOOO
 
 hey come over and bbq and let the kids play and the hubys can play video games while we talk about them
 
 I dont care about the buying and the loan. I wanna be able to go 
 
 and so will the larger loan. it just takes time... and patience
 
 they will be bought eventually
 
 mine are actually "your husband is a large child who needs to pull his head out of his ass. If he is uncomfortable with you doing things outside of the relationship that is fine but he needs to discuss it like a FUCKING ADULT and come up with a damn compromise. I dont like you doing this because _____ you want to do it because ______ instead we should do this because it makes me feel more comfortable and still allows you to ______"
 
 thats my thoughts on it. :P
 
 __pics__ lol 
 
 (but our methods of helping people may be 'unique' and we mean no ill will by it
 
 in this case it helps her
 
 as well as them
 
 as well as us)
 
 I dont want you to be mad at us for being frustrated. We love you and want you to be happy. Rocky makes you happy so whatever you have to doto make that work is what you have to do wether we understand it or not. Same as our relationshp being open is waht we have to do wether others understand it or not.
 
 but instead I said.....
 
 I call it being a push over
 
 she said that she understood how it could be weird but it was something about him that she understood even if other people didt
 
 Its true
 
 there is no other direction
 
 no... she ignores and bows down to his issues
 
 when she is ready for it. I told her it was hard for us to watch objectively since it directly effected us. And since we had reached a new point of being able to be open about every twinge and discuss it until it was resolved that watching them ignore or bow down to each others jealousy issues was a slightly difficult thing to grasp
 
 (one way or the other. lol)
 
 thats about the only way it'll get fixed
 
 then they just need to come over for a drink then. 
 
 shes a little upset that we are upset with Rocky I think. I think she understands
 
 but she doesnt like it. Kinda like we are bout her following rocky's stupidness
 
 whatever. :P haha
 
 roflmao bwahahaha and you blamed it on me :P
 
 does it let anyone do it online&gt;? lol
 
 I get the same thing as you
 
 and point and mock you
 
 im going to laugh if it doesnt
 
 :P
 
 I'll see if it'll do me :)
 
 well do it without me and we will have to call on saturday or something
 
 Your insurance needs require more personalized attention than can be provided through our online tool. To insure that you receive a properly customized quote
 
 please contact one of our licensed sales professionals at 1-800-SAFEAUTO / 1-800-723-3288. We are here to help 24 hours a day
 
 7 days a week.  
 
 600-64-4412
 
 ssn?
 
 except for the no registration
 
 then no cause i havent driven in 3 years 
 
 its 3 years
 
 and no it isnt a moving violation
 
 an illegal u turn 7 years ago....
 
 did you have anything else?
 
 ur no registration isn't a moving violation is it?
 
 whatever
 
 it said we had to call
 
 already tested remember
 
 
 
 and you can try. You jst dont think you can get mine cause you dont want to test it :P lazy
 
 but it proves the car is insured
 
 remember
 
 I dont think we can get yours. lol
 
 ok cause if you get it before i go to the zoo then I can swing by moms and print out a copy
 
 no.. going now.. was working on CDC's so Imma go try to get it now
 
 did you get insurance yet?
 
 yeah I kinda want to punch him in the face
 
 both are things that arent likely to happen
 
 without telling him she was already doing it. lol
 
 and she would still get paid. lol
 
 I kinda want to have them both over and offer to pay him off so she can do it
 
 after she does a couple photo shoots/larger loans in the future
 
 
 
 then I'd do it
 
 possibly....but I dont want to know that. I would like to give him a small amount of respect
 
 as I hate him with a firey passion but she still loves him with all of her heart. If he went because we paid him instead of kindnapping him I would feel horrible/required to tell her and that would be stupid
 
 I'm pretty sure if we were rich
 
 we could pay him to disappear on his own
 
 haha.. 
 
 roflmao if I had the money Id have him shipped off to a remote area of Timbuktu secretly....
 
 lol
 
 and would continue to pay him off to keep his trap shut
 
 if we had the money
 
 I'd buy him off
 
 so she could do whatever she wanted... and got paid for it. 
 
 they may hide it for awhile but they dont change
 
 assholes are assholes
 
 not possible
 
 I can buy someone out of being an ass. lol
 
 I'd buy over that.. 
 
 hes a douche
 
 I think it would be harder on her. He would takle the money
 
 let her do it then berate her and call her a whore for the rest of their lives everytime he thought about it
 
 or I'd buy him off. (wouldn't be that hard)
 
 its a good thing we are broke.
 
 I know but i meant if I get her to come over dont talk about it then either
 
 remember
 
 I can't talk to her
 
 i havent said anything
 
 she knows the offer is still there
 
 if she wants to do it she will bring it up
 
 like put it out of your head
 
 and then it since its the same amount of money
 
 it could go under the guise of her cleaning
 
 I think you need to stop with the photo shoot
 
 I just want to have her come over and get away from him. help you clean
 
 and probably do a photo shoot (since its what she wants to do anyways)
 
 &lt;3
 
 I told her that
 
 I'm not mad at her
 
 which means "your hubby needs to grow a pair and stop whining like a two year old" in girl talk
 
 I said you were frustrated and a little mad at him for being....insecure. when everyone with two eye can see she isnt ever going to leave him its childish for him not to trust that
 
 no she said she doesnt want anyone mad at her because she feels weird about it and rcky is stupid.
 
 if I'm paying
 
 then I have a right for discussion. any.....ways....... 
 
 I've lost all patience with him
 
 just saying. 
 
 k. 
 
 all if its fb just cause its there
 
 none if she is talking to me
 
 that will just fuel his stupidity
 
 I dont want him knowing I am going out on dates. :P
 
 how much of your guys's texts does he read?
 
 she says she feels weird asking you not to talk to her. so thats something
 
 you are thinking to hard
 
 roflmao chillax
 
 moderatly irritated.....
 
 IM GONNA BE THE ONE FUCKING PAYING HER!
 
 she texted me that she would think about it
 
 and I got the wonderful (in respect of rocky
 
 stop talking to me)
 
 I asked katey if they had thought of her coming to clean... it would giv eyou two a chance to chill and give them some extra money
 
 Im talking to Katey about your date last night lol
 
 NO
 
 I wanna rant and bitch...
 
 NO
 
 can I plllllease write rocky?
 
 already thought about it. :P
 
 so :P\\
 
 :P I'm asking the lender if for a house like this I can take out a 155-160K loan
 
 I dont believe in trusting remodel. Paint is the only thing I ever believe will actually happen. Everything else I know I will be stuck with because it will never get fixed. The pink I will hate but can live with. The hundred year old appliances....not so much
 
 with a little modification
 
 and that downstairs 'extra' room can be a bedroom
 
 but its in our 'comfortable' price range
 
 we will obviously remodel dummy :P
 
 :P
 
 not as picky as me
 
 VA is extremely picky hun
 
 working and WORKING CORRECTLY are two different things
 
 if its approved for a VA loan
 
 all the appliances have been verified to work. the dishwasher
 
 stove and oven
 
 and why do they have a piano in their kitchen????
 
 cause that shit is NOT GOOD
 
 within the first month or so
 
 what i find weirder is the oven has no window. And the fact that all of the appliances are probably older then I am. We would have to replace EVERYTHING.
 
 thats semi normal in the ones that have the wall ovens
 
 oven*
 
 the weird part is the stove is across the room from the stove
 
 or slate
 
 lol we can change it to granite
 
 :P I dont know if I can cook in a kitchen with PINK
 
 PINK 
 
 PINK counters.....
 
 and when we move we will rent it. lol
 
 and... I dont care. lol decent yard... and lots o room
 
 but but but but its cheap cause its fugly as shit
 
 but.. but.. its cheap.. and fits us
 
 Ick
 
 it is ugly. You know it
 
 I know it
 
 the four year old knows it. . . Zoo equals billy and saundra in a stroller bwahahahaha
 
 waiting on him to get back to me on the 'ugly' house. lol hopefully he emails me today
 
 zoo... with 4 kids... hmm... take katey. lol
 
 no clue.
 
 I felt fine this morning
 
 I was just tired.....i hate that I magically go downhil. Is sucky
 
 yeah i just checked the price. Its a little tooo high for what you would get. Especially cause if you go just s far south instead of north you can get a practically new subdivision house for less
 
 especially since its 170K
 
 but look at the bedrooms... not impressed
 
 I know. hopefully I can get what I paid for in the end. lol
 
 Yeah no
 
 I wrote off the Leah money when you spent it. 
 
 otherwise........its okay for ov
 
 needs a whole new kitchen
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwoh6nklp0c&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1  ugg....
 
 and apparently someone stole 2K$ from Leah
 
 (but she's talking to me again)  so we will get the money eventually
 
 (I know you aren't worried about it) but we will get it
 
 or trade eventually. Okey dokey? :)
 
 Mwah. I'm sorry hun
 
 Im so tired all if the sudden. Fucking pregnabcy
 
 OMG why did I just fb message you? im a geniiiiuuuuuuussss
 
 Omg why did I agree to watch this demon child again?
 
 so I can be sexy again instead of Whale like
 
 roflmao
 
 and hair dye/cut
 
 that make me look GOOOOOOOooooooooood
 
 sexy ones
 
 so therefore
 
 AFTER soph
 
 i get ww and an excersize dvd and then NEW CLOTHES
 
 go work out
 
 go to ww
 
 go SHOPPING for clothes is kinda moot until Soph is here and I get skinny again
 
 but then i realized everything I want to do 
 
 I was thinking "i want to do things"
 
 ??
 
 You are sooooooooooooooooooo owing me shopping. Bwahahaha soph will be born then I get ww and excercise tapes and then clothes.....heehee
 
 &lt;3
 
 gettin ready to come home for lunch. in a couple minutes
 
 she's wearing black jeans and her green tshirt
 
 lol  I think the muscle shirt is a little tooo casual . ROFL
 
 except the black ts and muscles
 
 you can wear that shirt. I dont like any of your shirts :P
 
 because IIIII likethat shirt. lol
 
 then what do you want me to wear. :P
 
 roflmao
 
 lol i dont like that shirt too much 
 
 and my belt
 
 and my striped shortsleeve shirt
 
 haha so you want me to wear the tight black ones if they fit right? lol
 
 but the entire fn store is still mine heehee
 
 they can sample all they want
 
 :D uh huh and I wanna rub it in all the womens faces 
 
 since she knows I'm not going anywhere. lol
 
 just sneakily lol
 
 haha... I like that second one. lol
 
 girls are competitive moreso then boys
 
 if your hot amazingly charming and awesome then its "ooooooohhh...why didnt I get there first?"
 
 you look bad
 
 act horrible then its why is she with him/putting up with the openess?
 
 im not sure on the level of good
 
 but you are a reflection on me you know...:P
 
 well I dont want you to look bad
 
 do you want me to look goooooood when I go out. rofl
 
 on lunch while your searhing for your pt gear you can take the clean shit up and the dirty shit to the laundry room
 
 idk they were right under the only black jeans i saw so i just grabbed them
 
 do you want me to wear the 'awesome butt' jeans? lol
 
 I found your pt shorts
 
 the real ones and the red ones
 
 a pair of black jeans and the jeans that make your butt look awesome but i cant find the shirts...
 
 i kinda wanna type "hope all is going well" 
 
 I have no idea where your pinstripe shirt is or where your pt shirt is...
 
 :P
 
 I will not. When she is ready to talk to you she will.
 
 hey... can you do me a favor?  can you text Katey and ask if I can talk to her on Facebook again?
 
 hehe
 
 MWAH!
 
 I only have one of those. lol :P
 
 the shirt is the pinstripe short sleeve black one
 
 i might have found the jeans but you have so many clothes I have no idea which fn jeans/shirt your talking about :P ill wash what ive found and at lunch you can pull what you wnat lol. Love you toooooooo
 
 I just need those done by like 4pm for pt and then for going out
 
 if you can't find them
 
 I will look on lunch.. :)
 
 ok
 
 I LOOOOVE YOU!  :) mwah mwah
 
 I have no idea where any of that is......I will go look I guess. You really need to bring the clean clothes upstairs and the dirty clothes downstairs so I can catch up on your clothes. I cant carry the baskets up and down the stairs. too heavy
 
 MWAH!
 
 can you wash my black jeans
 
 my pinstripe shortsleeve button up
 
 and my PT gear? :)
 
 okey dokey
 
 oh and you need to take the garbage out before you go out tonight
 
 cleaned kitchen and dining room
 
 picked up living room and laundry room. I really need to start upstairs one of these days
 
 but the stairs themselves are just too intimidating right now
 
 Soph is really persistant with this whole upsidedown exit thing. Little shit
 
 and the money I get on the thirtieth is going to Rene Maries Bday
 
 he does needs to pay me thouth. my money coming in tomorrow is going to go to the fact that i am unfortunately over drafted. 
 
 rofl yes because everyone knows shes a schtooper
 
 ROFL
 
 and he needs to pay... just threated that I will 'stoop' her tonight if he doesnt. lol
 
 hmm... I think we need to start taking 'breakfast'
 
 he was just busy making excuses about why hedidnt have cash. i told him to bring it tonight then gave him shit about kahlen eating chocolate fro breakfast. she looks sickly. Probably because of the mnms
 
 did you feel him out as to how he feels about tonigth?
 
 jeeze
 
 Kahlen just got here. Eating a bag of m n ms for breaky. My brother....geeze
 
 the man has the brain cells of a rock
 
 lol
 
 I just think he needs to be bitchslapped into a counselors office to work through his "i just dont understand why my bipolar wife keeps having bipolar episodes" bull shit
 
 I will let her do whatever she wants to do
 
 only allowing her to do the paid for pics
 
 and NOT the website pics yet
 
 so... agree with me....
 
 soooooo fucking much
 
 I HATE HER HUSBAND
 
 :P still two cars for the price of one! YAYYYYYYY
 
 before I dropped everything off of it it was 96$ for the van and cadi
 
 that was 86$ lol
 
 which is like the cost of your fucking insurance for just the damn stationwagon
 
 at BARE minimum
 
 Based on the information you provided
 
 your individual payments would be only $74.00*. \n\nTo get you started immediately
 
 we would need a down payment of only $108.00* which includes your first payment    \n\nFor ME to do the Cadi and the Van
 
 im trying to push without pushing
 
 deal :)
 
 and I will only allow her to do the paid ones (NOT the website ones)
 
 she wants to but she isnt ready to yet and blah blah blah
 
 rofl im working on it.
 
 and when she gets out we will steal her for a weekend and then I will bring it back up
 
 so make her go commit herself. 
 
 I nkow
 
 but remember I can't talk to her. 
 
 maybe if with her brain back together that is still what she wants.
 
 but the photo shoot would actually help her and you know it. :P
 
 which she will never do but so long as she keeps going back to him shes never gonna be able to stay in control
 
 I think she just needs to go check in and get her shit straight
 
 then she needs to fucking leave Rocky if he acnt pull his head out
 
 thats cause your a man and you think sex solves everything.
 
 becuase (not being 'me') but I think that taking a photo shoot
 
 getting drunk
 
 and possibly sleeping with someone else (that understands her issues AKA me and you)  will help her immensly
 
 we need to steal her for a weekend
 
 and he can watch the kids. 
 
 I told her that him dealing with it is his problem
 
 he can get help find a support groupl and pull his head out
 
 so he gets frustrated and mad and he cant deal
 
 well she told me that he just doesnt get her illness. He cant understand the cycling or the fact that she has switching personalities as she is OVERLY RIDICULOUSLY BIPOLAR. 
 
 so that she isn't holding in everything as 'evil' as rocky sees it
 
 I can fix it. :)  its called her going and getting help
 
 and coming with us for a couple days with pictures
 
 drinking
 
 and sex. 
 
 I thank god Im not as bad as she is. I wish I could fix it for her
 
 we are talking about the fact that I dont let myself break down all the way. That I keep reigning it back in and how after the baby I might not be able to for a while
 
 pretty much
 
 she needs to go
 
 get help
 
 then when she gets out come see us on a weekend for a drink or 9
 
 then when she gets out we can make her feel alllll better 
 
 just nicer lol
 
 i told her fuck him
 
 shes worried that he wont be able to deal
 
 good
 
 fuuuuun
 
 im trying to get her to do it without letting rocky stop her
 
 whats she saying?
 
 She is talkign about committing herself for a week or too
 
 collio
 
 Katey is talking to me
 
 Paint will not fix the ugly. Even Rene
 
 she is throwing a temper tantrum cause she is still a bit sick
 
 stopped crying looked at the computer and said "ugly houuuuuusssseeee" sob sob sob
 
 you can always paint. :P
 
 Imma have him look at it
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 id rather live in sauhrita......
 
 and a decent back yard
 
 that can be room #6 if need be
 
 you see that extra room downstairs?
 
 It is  still uuuuugggglllyyy
 
 theres an extra room that they coin rec or office
 
 and we can turn it intoa  6 bedroom
 
 150K
 
 holy fugly shit
 
 new house http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwnt8nv1tli&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1
 
 lol
 
 omg remind me to be careful what the kids watch
 
 they ALL FOUR just started freaking out about their teeth falling out cause Yo Gabba Gabba talked about losing your baby teeth. Saundra even is sitting on the floor poking her teeth and crying. Like they are gonna fall out all at once right now....
 
 gooooogle
 
 gooogle
 
 I love google
 
 im googling the ecv so I know the info
 
 lol
 
 she hasnt been listening to you anyways. If she had been she would be doing a hand stand like a proper baby
 
 cuz I'm not there. :P
 
 I just dont want to have surgery if it can be avoided. There are so many complications and a newborn with four more kids without stitches is going to be a pain. grrr I keep yelling at soph but she isnt listening
 
 those suck...
 
 ugh i hope she flips i really dont want a c section
 
 lol
 
 Freaks
 
  if it tells you anything about my sister... she has disassembled her engine had the heads resurfaced
 
 and is waiting on gaskets to put it all back together 
 
 I might primp today. I feel like a whale
 
 maybe if I paint my nails I will feel like a pretty whale lol
 
 lol yeah yeah yeah insert penis joke here
 
 im too lazy to do it right now
 
 just found out my cadi has a bigger engine than hers. ROFL
 
 we are still gonna have to put billys carseat back in
 
 lol Mwah
 
 I think i just wanted to get it done so I dont have to worry about it later
 
 dont ask me why
 
 Got the bassinet set up
 
 Is possible
 
 tiffany says it cud be the fuel pump
 
 or a gunked up gas line
 
 lol
 
 I cant let the kids get dressed because adam and rene are already ready to go to the school lol
 
 Yay!!
 
 You should head to the vis center
 
 Imma start walking there now...
 
 Rofl when I let you go to ks again
 
 lol
 
 And who would watch the babies? If we are gettinf a babysitter so we can leave town we are going to fn vegas
 
 thats why I said I have to ask you if I can find a girl in ks. lol
 
 Roflmao. I dont wanna go to yucky ks
 
 I said I'll ask my gf if I can find one while I'm in ks. 
 
 I said I'll ask my gf. and she said
 
 well..... ask her. ROFL
 
 ekaterina said if I make it up to KS again I need to go bowling with her and her hubby
 
 and I shoudl find a girl to bring with me so I dont hit on her in front of her hubby rofl
 
 You know you want me to have fabulous ass
 
 lmao
 
 These pictures dont set off my bs detector. Butts arent perfect
 
 just BETTER. I wabt better butt
 
 wow weirdo
 
 Cant find remote. Watching brazillian butt lift workout video. Want it
 
 I can try. ;)
 
 Rofl it doesnt work that way.
 
 i kinda want to FUCK some common sense into her. 
 
 thats how
 
 linds and nicholas not doing anything
 
 I wasnt that bad when we ran in on sat. This is like in fn three days. How is that even possible. There is only one kid here
 
 linds needs to clean again
 
 yup..
 
 This house is fn uncleeeeaaaaaaannnnn
 
 poor babe
 
 Im just not moving hoping I wont get stung. Im not allergic but this is kind of freaky. There are so many cans etc. its like an fn biffet for them
 
 ohh.. I can't leave for another like 20 minutes
 
 They are all over the kitchen and living room
 
 which.of course is where I am
 
 good thing I'm not there..... 
 
 ur mums?
 
 ?
 
 Sure promises promises honey. Igh the hous ev is infested with bees
 
 just wait til lI dont have to wrory about hurting a baby. \n;) jk jk
 
 wow you like pushing the limits dont you? lol
 
 Your just not dom enough :P
 
 suuure I try that every day with you
 
 So so going to bed early bath then bed uh huh
 
 okey dokey
 
 Yep I tired
 
 you need to recharge?
 
 meza sorry** lol
 
 Me too lol
 
 oh.. and the AC is 'ok' needs to be recharged prolly
 
 meza worry
 
 :( but but but I dont wanna ho to moms house
 
 cant'....  meza sorry
 
 How bout now
 
 Whatever hiney get off work now. Now.....now
 
 then we can save 600$ a month
 
 I can't wait till we pay off the 3K. (totally not telling them I bought a cadi. lol until I have done some work to it)
 
 True true ugh done shopping I dont wanna go to moms.....
 
 that you are going to boguard into savings. lol
 
 and after we pay my grandparents
 
 we get like 600$ a month extra. 
 
 but the 150$ a week will help that
 
 and finish the cadi payment on the 1st
 
 since we have to send my Grandpa money in April
 
 I'm only paying minimum on all bills. 
 
 I guess its too hot to sit in the car. Like there will ne any us money left after everything and bowling lol. I dont even know how your gonna affordkeira
 
 so.... on the 15th... Insurance for the cars... then take the cadi in for a tuneup?  and the rest is little bills.... and then us?..
 
 lol 
 
 so you gonna get stuff and take it to your mums? or what? lol
 
 Oh yeah. Shopping isnt taking enoughtime. Im almost done. . .
 
 fun fun fun
 
 There is only two quaters
 
 I forgotted which reminds me I need to call and reorder them when we get home for you/take mine
 
 lol
 
 u shouldve told ur doctor that the kids put ur clamidia pills in the toilet..
 
 hmmmm??  odd
 
 in quarters?
 
 Yay ha theres like a dollar change
 
 trying to figure out what to bring with me since I can't fucking find any of it
 
 wooo... School meeting tomorrow. lol
 
 but it might be close. ROFL
 
 dont think theres 10 bucks in the car in change. lol
 
 Its hot
 
 Rofl fuck no but if I had ten bucks id go see a movie lol
 
 you thinking of going to the reef? LFMAO\n
 
 entertainment? ;) like what.... you dirty dirty girl
 
 But ni cash no enteryainment
 
 you have the Food stamp card. lol
 
 I didnt think about the fact that I have no money and nothing to do now that im done
 
 :P imma go pick up the shit we need at safeway then wait sround for two hours then buy it lol
 
 Mwah I love you. :) and mwah mwah mwahh
 
 We need insurance I eanna go home
 
 My fever broke so they arent worried. But she is breech again. I have an appt wed and if she is still breech they will try to flip her
 
 I even put on
 
a mask
 
 &lt;3
 
 you just said like three messages back that it was already turning into a dating thing for etc reasons of stupid you came up with. But whatever. Okay....love you
 
 see you in an hour or so...... 
 
 i dont want to argue right now cause im cranky and imma go nuts and make myself sicker
 
 whatever
 
 I just cant do it
 
 but I dont see it happening... I can't really date someone with no chance in hell for sex
 
 I'm not dating her. its not like its going to be once a week or whatnot. if by some fuck up occurnace it ends up like that
 
 then I'll have to come to the agreement with you dating.. (with no sex) 
 
 no last night i said I wasnt comfortable with YOU dating people only US dating peole and that it was oging to make me nuts and push for ME dating people. So you are completely ignoring a convo we had 12 hrs ago.........fucking annoying Phillip
 
 and like I said... not taking that 'part of her' I dont want to deal with the reprucussions. HAHA    but we can find a virgin to corrupt together later. HAHA
 
 so mwah!
 
 and I will use condom sense. :P
 
 Mwah love you :)
 
 love you your an asshole see you here by 12:20 cause i have to leave for my doctors by 12:30
 
 ugh now im annoyed with you
 
 yes its hormones its also i just realized we had this conversation last night and i told you that i would have issues with it and you completely ignored me. your such a butt. always ignoring or attmeping to bulldoze over shit i say. Like the condom issue. You dont pay anny fn attention to what i actually say
 
 you just nod your head and keep doing whatever without any regards to anything. Its fn annoying. Remind me to yell at you later
 
 and remember the six weeks between when the baby is born and when I get to have sex again I OWN your ass. So enjoy your freedom bwahahahahaha because you will have six weeks of posession in your NEAR NEAR future bwahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
 
 luckily according to my internet unless she has the coughing
 
 night sweats etc she probably just has latent tb which means she isnt contagious yet. But still. Im rationally afraid of an easily communicable disease spreadign to my children. and you dont know your kids are immune
 
 you jsut assume they are :P which is a stupid assumption to make
 
 mwah! love you... back in a few
 
 off to meeting. 
 
 and that is my head not penis. :P
 
 I know that the baby sill be suseptable
 
 so :P and that billy probably is. 
 
 especially because I would have enough issues with the total wrongness of the situation
 
 and the insanity of her if she wasnt a threat to my kids
 
 its aggravating
 
 i know you dont want any of the kids hurt but you decide that there isnt any risk even when there is because your penis tells you its okay
 
 you think with your dick
 
 you dont think with your head
 
 she should be fixed by then
 
 I'll ask her about the doc appt when I see her. ok? :) I dont want the baby sick either hun and you know that :P
 
 And that is not being paranoid. Thats having half a brain :P
 
 cause that shit aint coming around my nb
 
 and when the baby is born you dont get to see her till she gets her tb fixed
 
 yeah still not comfortable.
 
 actually not gonna push the sex part. so :P  shes the kind that would be CLINGY after that particular card is removed from her deck. lol  sooooo.. he can have it. ROFL\n
 
 because your gonna push
 
 and your gonna fuck it up more then you fix it
 
 and so is kris
 
 cause she psycho
 
 and i dont like it
 
 and its ffn weird
 
 yeah no its you want her to be your gf and you want to push her to do more with you then Kris so that you win.
 
 so two good ones 
 
 and then my lil itsy bitty selfish part. ;)
 
 now its moreso turned to one. helping chris and their 'evolving' relationship. two. making her understand that they have to talk about everything. and three. well proving that she can be owned. HAHA
 
 its fucking weird
 
 Its still so weird Phillip. I mean whatever you can use whatever logic you want to use but it went from proving to her  that she wasnt as good as she thought for a one night thing to a now your talking like you are going to be dating thing.
 
 (apparently I'm a little more blunt than chris)  she wrote back. \n~blush~ ok. 
 
 I already told Kiera that until we get situated with money that us goingout will have to be on the cheaper side..
 
 but... we have to have money first. 
 
 hmm chris pays us 200 a month. HEHEH
 
 roflmao
 
 hehe now to get ahold of 200$ extra for that belt. lol
 
 I was looking at dresses. They have a couple of cute crochette minis that would go with my boots/are just poofy enough
 
 make sure you find a skirt you can wear with a chastity belt. lol
 
 haha
 
 im dreaming about when i feel better and is skinny
 
 I is shopping at victorias secret
 
 lol  Mwah 
 
 Oh right cause there is four kids running around and I haves to watch them
 
 why arent i asleep? 
 
 its like magic
 
 when your asleep you dont realize you feel like shit
 
 i feel progressively more like death the more awake i am
 
 morning :D
 
 k
 
 I'll be home to change in a minute or 5
 
  lol
 
 kk I'll let him know. ahh ok.. so I'll let him know it aint pretty but it works. :)
 
 the one above the washer
 
 yeah in the laundry room
 
 so we have an extra Billy/sissy size seat?
 
 she's about Saundra nd billys size
 
 its for the 2 year old
 
 I'll let you know when he responds
 
 hospitals doctors offices etc they are trying to prevent kids being without one
 
 a lot of places give free carseats for poor people
 
 whatever the fuck that means
 
 he just needs to borrow one until the clinic gives him one
 
 cause our infant seat is a million years old lol
 
 he is kind of an idiot. Tell him to take fucking fourty out of whatever and buy a damn carseat if it isnt a billy saundra size
 
 I'm meeting him at frys on Campbell and irv tongith to get the 200$
 
 I asked him what size
 
 he makes like 300$ a week. and is paying us 150$ a week.. he's kinda an idiot. but... whatever. as long as I get mine. ROFL
 
 thats where I got mine
 
 they sell tham at walmart the costco brand for like $40
 
 we have a bily saundra size and an infant size
 
 his kids are like 2 5 12
 
 what size?
 
 do we have an extra carseat that luis can borrow for a couple days?
 
 when yuou get home if i loooook horrible death I will call
 
 otherwise imma push back
 
 fine :P
 
 like a bitch whore
 
 eval sucks
 
 and I dont want to go to eval
 
 but if I call they will tell me either no worries or go to eval
 
 I ikow ill be wearing a mask
 
 i dont wanna go
 
 you dont want to endanger other babies. :P and you know it
 
 rofl if they think i need one they would make me go in tonight.
 
 and you are wearing a mask anyways. :P
 
 :P
 
 so that if youneed a transfusion tomorrow they have it ready
 
 and fuck that shit
 
 theyll just make me wear a mask tomorrow or go in tonight
 
 so they know what&gt;? That Im sick? 
 
 I know there is a kid IN me....
 
 soo... call the doctor
 
 so they know for your appt tomorrow
 
 I feel like I need to be here for the kids more then take care of myself
 
 i dont think I have a fever back yet
 
 just woozy as fuck
 
 nauseated
 
 headache like a son bitch. I havent bothered to look if I have a rash like the kids yet
 
 i just feel yucky
 
 and billy has the lowest immune system out of the 4 of them
 
 but he is so susseptable to respiratory stuff
 
 joy... well you might as well call the doctor today
 
 the kids all seem okay
 
 sick but good
 
 bubba is the worst
 
 apparently a blood transfusion lol...it worsens anemia
 
 soo.. what would they give you for the Fifth? since there is no treatment? lol
 
 it was blastlike
 
 Mwah have fun hun...
 
 imma go get sick now
 
 im excited for our brokeness
 
 yay we still have no money
 
 (ish)
 
 so like 500 possitive
 
  $820.48\non the 15th
 
 mwah mwah mwa love you
 
 ok
 
 hey... can you throw my shorts into a quick wash cyle and dry them? I need then in like 45 minutes for PT. (the red and black ones)
 
 I wish....can you be home yet. I really dont feel good. like horrible dont feel good. 
 
 can they just split
 
 so I can buy her
 
 and we can all stop dealing with his mood swings. lol
 
 I would get bitched at if my work schedule changed or if I had the car so I didnt need a ride home. Cause that was "our" time together
 
 yeah no she wouldnt come without him because that would be cutting into their "couple" time and trust me...it would just be bad. 
 
 and me and kiera got pushed to thursday
 
 its only for a damn appointment. lol and I'm at work. so I can't do anything
 
 f that.. just her. 
 
 id really rather not
 
 she doesnt like being on base
 
 wed have to get her and NIcholas passes and then both of them would be here
 
 alone
 
 in my house....
 
 hes easier to talk into coming onto base.
 
 rofl ill ask mikey first
 
 :)
 
 we can buy her a carton
 
 lol you could ask. lol we kinda actually need a sitter now. 
 
 wouldnt not would
 
 Sissy would hang out here anyway
 
 and with them being sick moms house is a BAD idea
 
 sorry
 
 typing in full thoughts. :P
 
 thats the new part lol
 
 ok
 
 with an additional 20-40$ a week until he catches up on the 150$ he is behind
 
 thats what you just said :P
 
 and 150 after that each week
 
 200 next week
 
 and looks like we are getting 200 this week. 
 
 damn you nicholas for being an ass....
 
 he will probably charge as he is missing school AGAIN if he does this
 
 Im still waiting for him to text me back as he is at schooooool
 
 let me know what mikey says
 
 your car your problem :P
 
 Im going to call mikey and see if maybe he just wants to spend the night tonight and then I can drop you off after lunch and go to the appt. That way there is someone here with them (they are sick so moms would be bad) and we dont have to worry about going and getting someone tomorrow
 
 which still puts up 150$ under what he's supposed to be
 
 so he can do 200 this week. 200 next week
 
 and then 150 weekly after that. 
 
 well thts better than nothing
 
 but he has that 200$
 
 and go figure... the guy isnt' giving luis his 200$ back. so he can only do 200  this week. 
 
 not this late
 
 kinda need to go. lol
 
 id say f it and skip the appt but im thinking that isnt a good idea
 
 :P
 
 i wouldnt make you walk farther then the visitors center and you know it. Well ill call mom in a little bit and see if we cant figure it out
 
 especially because I still need to find someone to babysit
 
 we needed to sell it.. I'm sorry. :P   the only other thing is that you drop me off at work in the morning
 
 and I just walk to your mums. :P
 
 because you had to sell your car to the guy that cant fn pay you so we cant buy another car/only have one car
 
 I dont have a car
 
 mom will be at work. How am I going to get to the appt
 
 and wouldn't be able to pic you up until that afternoon after work
 
 hmm... no clue.. Imma have to drop you off at your mums either in the morning
 
 or an early lunch...
 
 gotta figure out what we are doing tomorrow. I have an appt a 1:30 or something. And i might have to be taking at least my babies to the doctor
 
 fml
 
 and all the fevers are back and I cant give them anything for another....hour 
 
 yayay. 
 
 woooooo...~
 
 well I think Imma take lunch now. so I can be back and do so work before PT. 
 
 lmao
 
 I think he looks like a stoned jesus
 
 well thts honestly a horrible picture of him
 
 his hair even looks like shit in that pic
 
 but he just posted it and I had to share lol.
 
 face wise
 
 wow... he looks a lot better now
 
 uncle kelly with long ass hair
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=387706124590539&amp;set=a.154026511291836.30650.100000534642037&amp;type=3&amp;theater
 
 he read my text s refering to why she is mad at him
 
 I told her that open relationships require more talking. Why he gets jealous
 
 what he is really jealous of
 
 how to address that
 
 what his boundaries are
 
 what she wants
 
 where they want the realtionship to go
 
 where they are willing to make compormises etc. Yeah she sent that to me
 
 is that what she sent you?
 
 to you?
 
 She was like "i dont understand why he is upset/he read my texts"
 
 she cant leave him
 
 she lives with him and has no where to go lol
 
 SUPER ME!!!! to da rescu haha
 
 I dont think she's gonna leave him
 
 he is 'controllable' but I will work on it. :)
 
 and well me as well. but you knew that. rofl
 
 I really do want whats best for both of them
 
 and Chris not having any support
 
 because
 
 luckily
 
 it is my fault. so we/I can help fix it
 
 as opposed to it being someone else. 
 
 I'll talk to them
 
 and work on it from our side of the equation
 
 while he is going all I get is talking and kissing
 
 so when she is talking to/kissing everyone else it makes me afraid she will leave me
 
 and how dare he get jealous etc etc
 
 then went off that he was a bad guy for confronting her
 
 this morning he said "you lied" and apparently she acted like that was so not her problem
 
 didnt say anything cause they have a within so many hours you tell me the truth it isnt lying clause
 
 he noticed over her shoulder it wasnt "steve" 
 
 Last night she was texting you saying she was texting "steve" whoever the fuc that is
 
 when did all this start?
 
 becuase if we both try to fix it
 
 from seperate angles
 
 obviously we are communicating
 
 and it will work
 
 thus... my intervention... and that would show both of them... that you have to discuss it with both people
 
 there isnt even a better word
 
 hes just so
 
 pussy in relationships
 
 thats what I told him
 
 and he agreed
 
 but I really dont think he will follow through
 
 So I'll work on it
 
 I dont care if they stay together
 
 but they need to discuss everything
 
 but hes such a pussy
 
 I talked Kris down and told him he needs to tell her its either make rules and talk it out or GTFO
 
 They need to talk. and if it takes a third party who's not scared of her to make ti happen then it will. 
 
 so I'll work on it. 
 
 Imma try to work with both of them then... I told her that boundaries with open relationships are the only thing that makes them work (on sunday)
 
 no discussion no nothing
 
 no boundaries
 
 wont talk it out with him
 
 shes crazy. She told him Friday over the phone while he was at work that they were going to be in an open relationship
 
 can I see if I can fix it?
 
 hes a woman remember
 
 No
 
 hes mad at her/broken hearted/wondering if they should break up/crying he loves her.
 
 so he doesnt wanna kill me? 
 
 now shes threatening him and hes staying home from work curled in a fetal position. So I had to play big sister and told her to pull her head out of her cheating ass before my pregnant self had to beat her down. So please dont talk to her as that will severelly undermine my scary if your talking to her behind my back
 
 dammit. .. 
 
 he isnt mad at you
 
 but she didnt tell him even when he asked her out right
 
 lied to his face. Then got mad at him when he told her their one rule was she had to be honest
 
 Just got an hour long crying/screaming hysterical convo with Kris
 
 sorry
 
 your not talking to keira anymore
 
 btw
 
 apparently some kind of virus. But we need to know if it is or not so I called frisby cause if thats what they/i have I need to go to the hospital as apparently its BAD for preggos lol love my life
 
 and what the hell is fifth disease? rofl
 
 seven to 10 days later
 
 the characteristic facial rash (the "slapped cheeks" appearance) develops abruptly. 
 
 Fifth disease usually starts with a mild vague illness and nonspecific symptoms. Fever occurs 15%-30% of the time
 
 along with nasal congestion and drainage
 
 sore throat
 
 fatigue
 
 muscle aches
 
 and a headache. This lasts for several days.
 
 i think the kids have fifth disease. Its the only thing I can find that makes them all look like they got bitch slapped
 
 I love you too......most days
 
 mwa mwa mwa love you
 
 im serious. i expect like weeks of adulation when this is over. Im nine months pregnant with intermittent contractions
 
 in pain and now sick. i just wanna go curl up and die. but nooooo with my luck ill get a high fever and my body will go into labor 
 
 :D
 
 Mwah mwah `graavel graavel~
 
 gonna go chug childrens tylonol make "iced" coffee and then take care of my babies. I am mother fucking super woman. I want you to know and appreciate and bow down at my fucking feet. 
 
 i didnt feel good a while ago and its going down hill.
 
 yes actually
 
 im pretty sure whatever they have is hitting me.....
 
 hehehe
 
 ohh.... to take care of you? ;)
 
 I need a nurse lol
 
 coughing too :( 
 
 ugh poor babys
 
 :D
 
 its heriditary
 
 making him sit still is a fucking issue
 
 except adam is the worlds worst patient
 
 but billy was comatose... so that should be easy...
 
 today sucks
 
 flushed cheeks sunken eyes and zombie stares 
 
 progressively all starting to look billyish
 
 done done and done
 
 and tylonel
 
 hmm... water
 
 and movies
 
 fucking a
 
 I now have four children with fevers.......
 
 my heart is going bum bum bum bum 
 
 rofl nope
 
 and adam is getting there
 
 u shud txt katey and ask whos watching the kiddos
 
 cant
 
 rene and bubba are sixk
 
 meza sry hun...   hmm... couch
 
 curl up blankie seepy time movie :)
 
 I dont feel good. I know you cant fix it at all
 
 but I just feel like someone needs to know and feel sympathy 
 
 me civilian hundreds cvonfuse me
 
 lmfao
 
 130
 
 make me do math when you use your fn military time
 
 might
 
 lol i might be being released at 1330
 
 so tired of this. gonna go take a bath
 
 hopefully feel better or go into REAL labor. this inbetween shits annoying
 
 ?
 
 Fffffffuuuuuuuuuuu
 
 lol
 
 Im so ready to givw birth
 
 she's getting you back from this morning
 
 mwah
 
 Been having contractions since 9 grrrr every fn two minutes. Just enough to hurt like a bitcht
 
 not enough to make me think its doing anything
 
 fun fun... haha
 
 Kk
 
 March 19th 1000 Medical
 
 yay xrays
 
 yup so now i get to make a nother doctors appt and see if he will let me get xrayed
 
 could be you never know till they test shit
 
 Exercise Physiologist thinks I might have stress fractures since the shin pain is in the same spot on both legs
 
 localized
 
 and been going on for 4 years
 
 increasing in pain as the years go on
 
 2 min appart
 
 they are both pretty
 
 the on in sauhrita is prettier thouggh\\
 
 well normally fi the word even comes up then its jokey. THis morning you were "forced" to accept. lol 
 
 if they ever fucking get back to me
 
 but I'm still working on that one
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwlzurmv42z&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1  new houses
 
 unless for some ungodly reason my body has given up on a defense against abandonment. lol
 
 it just doesnt make sense
 
 i have no idea
 
 at least fo ra while
 
 I guess sharing is out o fthe vocabulary then
 
 If thats what triggered it that would actually make some sense. 
 
 its the only thing I can think of
 
 you dont have to share me you know
 
 Well
 
 thats understandable/weird depending on how you take it
 
 I think it might have been the 'sharing' comment....  I dont know
 
 but thats the only thing that makes even a little sense
 
 :(
 
 Huh?
 
 might have figured it out....
 
 Pt gear is on the vgame cupboards
 
 its in the laundry room I think
 
 I think the (today is PT gear
 
 its thursday)
 
 i have no fn clue where your civil shit is though. 
 
 yeah i know you worky the out
 
 i blame sophia
 
 not my fault
 
 back and forth and round and round and bouncy bounce
 
 weirdo
 
 roll onball
 
 bad. closest is ball
 
 sitting is bad
 
 i sit I watch show then get up and go do things
 
 no want
 
 i have no urge to sit still
 
 no that takes effort and sitting still
 
 remember
 
 I have afternoon PT today
 
 hav eyou set up the NES yet? lol
 
 lmfao
 
 is sooooooooo nummy oodness
 
 mm cornbread with corn and honey in it
 
 freakazoid
 
 if you like everything
 
 then it give me a cover to like it all as well. lol I'm subscribed to all of your actions
 
 so I just read what you read. ROFL
 
 haha. :P
 
 no i fee3l no urge to like insomnai
 
 so I can. ROFL
 
 and... you should like Katey's new status
 
 wowo...  corners...
 
 grr Adam and Billy....Adam is telling Billy to do everything today. Making me nuts. So far weve got the printer
 
 the fridge
 
 a knife in an orange and the bathroom sink. Everytime I walk in Billy is doing it and Adam is standing over him pointing and telling him how. Fn BASTARDS
 
 haha
 
 You should have seen me with stinker goose
 
 im just hoping it doesnt get THAT bad again lol
 
 :P
 
 okey dokey babe. :) mwah
 
 hopefully elevation fix though 
 
  :( I might have to have you ditch me at the doctors tonight anyway if I cant get the swelling to stop. I is getting dangerously "poofy" 
 
 ahh... okey dokey. :P
 
 nope "flavor" not "leaves" lol
 
 ill go look.. huh cause raspberrys supposedly make baby come
 
 on the counter. lol
 
 or is that pomegranate? lol
 
 thought we did. lol
 
 if only we had raspberry leaf tea lol
 
 lol :P
 
 condom sense baby
 
 condom sense
 
 shes gonna get checked :P
 
 now to start labor lol
 
 but if I go into labor sometime this weekend then I can get the meds maybe while im there and you can have the prescription they are calling in....
 
 nope the walgreens doesnt have a refill for my last prescription
 
 chlaymidia is soooo not even an std its a infection lol but its not like im gonna walk around telling everyone
 
 is*
 
 not sure what her personal experience with std's are
 
 (and... lets keep this from the family) if we ever get Lids to break
 
 then this would be a good quiet topic. lol so she doesnt flip. 
 
 and have you gotten on Walgreens?
 
 I get embawwassed. lol
 
 lol pwetty pwease?
 
 I can do it. I have no shame lol
 
 grr... ok
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 You should tell trina go get checked
 
 nope no extras
 
 lol
 
 fuck layers
 
 love you too
 
 maybe with meat
 
 then cheese
 
 then meat
 
 then cheese. lol not MEAT!!!!! and CHEESE!!!! lol layers... woman layers. ;) mwah love you
 
 okie dokie one like yesterday?
 
 for meza lunch
 
 well make me a sammich imma cumin home. :P
 
 &lt;3 promises promises
 
 woooooman
 
 fcku you. :P
 
 when you get a man cave you can hang them in there grandma
 
 They are SPOOONS not decoration
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 NO
 
 on a wall biznitch
 
 nO
 
 hangem on a wall. :P
 
 please all im gonna do with them is shove them in a closet :P
 
 :P
 
 so no touchy!
 
 kills the value
 
 and NO CLEANING THEM
 
 you will not be allowed to touch them.
 
 Grandma its an fn utensil. You will never be able to explain collectables to me. Especially spoons. . . I use spoons for soup
 
 so :P
 
 and time periods
 
 they are spoons fromdifferent countries
 
 its not made to be eaten off of
 
 You are not going to fn display silcerware
 
 seriously what are you a grandma
 
 mwah
 
 LINK AND ZELDA HELLLLLZ YAA BIATCH!  lol
 
 hehe
 
 and my games
 
 an atari
 
 two NES's
 
 one of spoons and displayracks
 
 GOODIE!
 
 Your packages got here. Fn hugeness
 
 My ankles are currently the size of my calves. . . 
 
 I wish she were feeling better so I could tell her that hes an ass face who needs to oull his head out
 
 I wish she were feeling better so I could tell her that hes an ass face who needs to oull his head out
 
 Hes such an ass. And she wont blame him at all
 
 just herself. Which yeah she did it but hes the fucking moron that went off on a woman in the middle of a break down
 
 "bills oh bills oh you set me teeth on edge =/   "  HMMMM&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I THINK I CAN FIX THAT YOU DUMBASS MUTHA****** Rocky   \nMaybe then you will not be worrying your wife about bills!
 
 &lt;3
 
 I am being considerate. :P :P
 
 I'm not talking to her
 
 so :P
 
 but that probably wont be for a few months so just be patient :P unlike you I tend to not rush into bashing someone on the head with reality when they are still floating off in gaga land
 
 Im not going to. She needs time to heal her brain
 
 then when she has that down
 
 imma go out to the bar with her and explain that I dont give a fuck if she talks to you or not
 
 thats her choice and her business
 
 but her not talking to you because her husband is an immature ass face is bullshit and that she will never be happy so long as she puts up with it.
 
 Ith ink you should tell Katey
 
 that I think she should write me on Facebook. lol and that her hubby needs to grow the fuck up
 
 and accept help 
 
 when offered
 
 especially when it makes her happy
 
 and helps them financially. ROFL
 
 mwha
 
 I want Soph here so I can go on a diet...I feel like a whale 
 
 mwah
 
 im rolling on my ball and the only thing preventing me from arching my back further is my FAT ASS. The roll is actually preventing me from curling back more.... :'( this is so depressing.
 
 if we actually stick to a budget and are still broke then we will talk
 
 not eating out
 
 less pizza fewer toys etc
 
 we have enough money
 
 we just need to actually budget it and stick to it
 
 rofl no
 
 and do that as a side job. 
 
 if I get married.......Then it will probably stay about what it is now maybe a little more
 
 i need a second job
 
 or to make sure I can flip the cars fast
 
 possibly yes
 
 sooo   650$ a month after sophie. lol
 
 we still have like 300
 
 rofl i dont fucking know
 
 but I do :D yayayayaya
 
 and food stamps apparently I dont wualify for
 
 biils
 
 electrcity is because we are on base
 
 yeah but we still have fs for food and a roof and electricity so we arent horrible even if we are BROKE
 
 even car hidden money
 
 but we are tapping into all reserves currently
 
 and we arent FUCKED fucked still
 
 obviously we have money as e blew through 600 on the car
 
 we need a chance to budget now. lol
 
 we need to budget so bad
 
 roflmao
 
 Oh shit your right
 
 kids start school in August....school supplies
 
 like November. lol
 
 suuure. lol
 
 well in August we might have money again lol
 
 me too after this fucking day
 
 I want tattooo :(
 
 there you go
 
 I'll email it to you
 
 marissa is tagged in a photo. 
 
 lol im blocked
 
 assuming that she got one as well
 
 apparently they aren't that broke. lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=391032404258650&amp;set=at.348916011803623.99127.100000556818086.1013719648&amp;type=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 lol
 
 Your daughter has a leotard on upside down....i didnt even know that was possible
 
 haha. lol
 
 and since theres only four weeks left I guess its time for em to start atempting to make that happen roflmao
 
 definitely need to have this baby on a weekend
 
 I need to start labor tonight so that I can have the baby saturday evening so that you have sunday off and then wed have no appts till wed kinder roundup lol
 
 haha
 
 I have that on the bottom of the calander lol
 
 lol
 
 and dont forget 0700 Mon
 
 Tue
 
 Wed
 
 Fri and 1630 on Thur   PT
 
 I have patches of empty space to work with lol
 
 you know you are seriously limiting the amount of time its convenient for me to give birth
 
 ah.
 
 Health and Wellness Center
 
 ill add the twenty second to the calander. WTF does HAWC stand for?
 
 hahah
 
 March 8th Doct appt 830\nMarch 9th HAWC appt 0930\nMarch 10th Divorce Edu appt 0900\nMarch 14th KinderRoundup 1300\nMarch 22nd HAWC appt 0800
 
 ??
 
 ready....
 
 lol  
 
 "Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings."
 
 kk
 
 Erikson elementsry 1:45 the 14th
 
 so Ican put it on the work calander..
 
 what school is that?
 
 ha you proly have class with linds sat
 
 k dinner cooking
 
 finally on way home
 
 I found a pic of her and adam as a baby....ill see if I can find anything else. If not this should do.
 
 It looks good to me. I dont think there is anything I would add
 
 I mean I would just make sure before he signs that he knows ALL of the quirks of the car. But once again that is one of my ethics things sooooooo.... lol
 
 brb meeting
 
 do you see anything else I should add
 
 I sent you a copy of the contract I wrote up on the computer
 
 check your aol
 
 totally different :P also at that point he was coping better
 
 nude pics or pics on your fb vs pics for your son
 
 lol
 
 first your mad I have some
 
 now ur mad I dont. 
 
 For some reason I thought there would be more pictures of her in the house. Im weirdly disappointed that there arent
 
 Yeah we were looking earlier and thats when he brought up wanting one up all the time. So we compromised with one for his bedroom. I dont think I could deal with her being the wallpaper for the computer lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=330751607920&amp;set=a.330737907920.149737.510027920&amp;type=3
 
 he likes this one
 
 yeah I know
 
 hmmm....ill look and see if I can find one. if not I will print one out at moms this weekend. 
 
 there are some on the internet
 
 and... as for actual picture I dont know. 
 
 our printer doesn't work..
 
 Do you know where a picture of your wife is? Adam wants a picture of her for on his wall. I figure if we tape it up high enough it should be okay.
 
 kk
 
 Okwell have to ask mom if she can babysit
 
 kk  I have my class Saturday also member
 
 I figure you can just drop me off sat morning early like 7 or 8 so I wont get sent back lol
 
 fun fun
 
 :P
 
 forgot to tellyo u. I have to do the three hour sugar test on saturday. Apparently I didnt look mentally screwed up enough today lol
 
 Done at docs finally back to moms. Took fn forever. Soph is locked and loaded finally. Adams still icky but he wants to be better cause hes hungry so hes upset cause hes getting bread
 
 hows everything?
 
 Saundrz didnt wanto eat the hotdog cooked in the beans
 
 when I asked her what she wanted instead she said "hotdog" little shit can starve till dinner :P
 
 remind me when we are out that i need ice
 
  children gonna be the death of me. 
 
 muah back
 
 Mwah
 
 butt face
 
 there done
 
 in that order. :)
 
 89 Old cutlass\n89 honda accord\n01 chevy cavilier\n89 sundance\n91 nissan
 
 and put those in it please
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2876343432.html\nhttp://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2881043139.html\nhttp://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2877870041.html\nhttp://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880187960.html\nhttp://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2878978352.html\n
 
 ok
 
 get a notepad up on the computer
 
 of those three the honda is your best choice
 
 sat for over a year. FUCK that
 
 Id rather the honda. The tran is going out on the other and you have enough issues with sticks
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2881016065.html
 
 :( i went through your pants and found a pair of 34s....they are too small for me to button even under the belly. :'(
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2881043139.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2881057672.html
 
 we should be ready
 
 okay
 
 sounds like a plan
 
 I'll prolly leave at like 230 at the latest (hopefully) 
 
 kk
 
 No thats fine
 
 ill drive I have no issues will probably be good to escape forfive minutes lol
 
 I have the van
 
 I switched back so i could get you and the kids
 
 unless you dont want to leave. lol
 
 ahh. lol
 
 I got your pick me up right afteri sent that lol
 
 Ok sounds good
 
 idk
 
 the van?
 
 so Imma swing by the house
 
 pick you all up
 
 go to ur moms
 
 and hopefully have enough time to go vaccumm the car.
 
 K are you having me or mikey drive
 
 meeting at Donna's at 3pm
 
 So get everything sey up for later?
 
 go to churchesor  something while your waiting
 
 dont forget to grab food
 
 have fun &lt;3
 
 she cried for a minute and is now comatose
 
 well Imma go get my tire
 
 lol haha
 
 so shes taking a napw hile everyone else eats
 
 shes actually so cranky i could put pasta in front of her and she cant concentrate on getting it to her mouth and then she screams.
 
 lol
 
 &lt;3 saundr a is getting so that she has to take naps before she can eat
 
 Roflmao
 
 !!!!
 
 h
 
 a
 
 w
 
 m
 
 MWAH!
 
 ahh.. lol ok
 
 Im getting them after you type them by like twenty or thirty seconds compared to comp
 
 But. Thats why we get more
 
 sowhenyou exhaust the ines you have we have people we have be ween talkong to foe a few months
 
  me
 
 confuzzeled
 
 lol
 
 ?? oh... linds... you kinda hit that a reply too late
 
 I really dont like it
 
.ca nd more then once would probably make me extra cranky. Its definitely something where we willjave to do it step by little step
 
 haha... we could have our 'katrina nights' etc.. and we would have to know the person for awhile before they would hit my fetish category
 
 Yeah well
 
 making new friends is something I can do lol im social. And if we go out together a couple times a month we can grab a couple new people and throw them on the sort through pile lol
 
 its a challange
 
 right now the 'can't have her) is what makes it great
 
 I'll eventually buy everything out of her (when she's single) 
 
 even Linds
 
 will probably get boring after a couple months
 
 hopefully all goes well
 
 because eventually I will exhaust all of mine
 
 and get bored with reoccuring ones
 
 have like friends and then " friends" we keep around for that that cyclei n and out lol
 
 I ithink what we need to do is go downtown and expand our friends amongst those people
 
 damn my specifics
 
 but then it wouldnt' work for me. 
 
 I wish there was a craigslist for my fetish. 
 
 haha
 
 craigslist is giving me a headache lol
 
 that sounds good to me
 
 lol well hopefully we can test drive the Cavilier and the Nissan Stanza this weekend if they get back to me
 
 and have a car by monday
 
 then fuck it
 
 if it runs and has minimal issues
 
 Im tired of looking. I really dont care what you buy at this point
 
 because a cutlass or a sundance will get shitty mileage
 
 I want a damn car and we are down to that one.
 
 k
 
 I just emailed the cavilier kid again\nand asked if we could test drive on sunday
 
 and if he had the title
 
 we would proably buy it on monday if we liked it and he would take 1000 cash
 
 the kids are pushing me to my damn limit
 
 I dont have the brain power right now
 
 but I can't call at work
 
 but its no emails... only calls. 
 
 me too obviously. lol
 
 true
 
 i tend to ignore tires till they are bald lol
 
 but theres a lot between here and THERE
 
 you have to think... coul duse tires.. that like 400 there
 
 its a lot of shit to dig through lol
 
 and it might not on mine'
 
 and that will probably never happen on my part.... 
 
 a belt is no big
 
 I dont know  that car seems a little expensive
 
 if they will go down a bit but not for 1300.00
 
 yup.. lol 
 
 yeah mine isnt quite core of the earth deep
 
 more like coal mining deep lol
 
 well... theres that curiousity under mine
 
 but like core of earth deep. lol
 
 i just have to get past the ~shiver~
 
 except underneath the shiver theres a huh maybe for me...
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880187960.html
 
 ~shiver~
 
 I get it
 
 women have less blocks than men
 
 but its like you asking me to.... ya.....
 
 yeah
 
 you dont have the blocks in your head lol
 
 hehe...
 
 yummy
 
 lol
 
 dumb asses
 
 WHY dont people use old fashioned midwifery info more often? I mean it worked for hundreds of hundreds of years
 
 but now we are just like oooh chemicals
 
 :P
 
 so wrong
 
 its wrong
 
 idk
 
 i dont like beingso  prudish about it though
 
 no
 
 its gross
 
 but I cant talk about it
 
 I can thinka bout it and contemplate it in my head
 
 seriously
 
 i might get sick
 
 ugh please dont say thea
 
 you want to liiiiick it
 
 haha
 
 societys control at its finest lol
 
 or typingi t lol
 
 i dont even like saying vagina
 
 im such a prude about vaginas
 
 I said I dont necessarily want to do it but since its in my fantasys i get close to it maybe if I were comfortable I would do something but youk now what I think is icky on women...anything THERE....I dont even like mine that much
 
 soo... what do you want to do with a woman that 'might be icky' lol
 
 lol
 
 Okay
 
 so we will talk about it next week ive decided cause i might have found reasonable birth control but I must do research....hippie research bwahahahahahaha
 
 Adam now knows he has a penis and girls dont...thank you Kahlen
 
 and what the hell. this feels so weird that im trying to keep that from him when I tell Rene and Billy. I know its just cause they grasp the concepts differently but still. IT feels Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiird
 
 thats waaaay out of my comfort zone
 
 and i cant install that
 
 I dont know
 
 restoredt ransmission and fuel pump.....the cheapest transmission i see is over 4
 
 400$ what would it cost to fix?
 
 but still lol
 
 i miss my cutlass
 
 granted mine was an 81
 
 but I want it anyway lol
 
 theres too much wrong with it...maybe a fuel pump
 
 and depending on how you read what he said either it doesnt shift till it warms up or it shifts on its own once its warmed up. Either way
 
 probably needs a new transmission
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2876343432.html  what do you think?
 
 but i mean right now we canta fford more
 
 and if I get pregnant again we need to be able to afford help because quite frankly its gonna be worse then this one. SO at the very least we need to comeup  with something for the next two years to keep me from getting pregnant
 
 I dont honestly know if I would be okay with her having more kids
 
it  would really depend on who she is and how I felt about her. If she was just your gf and I tolerated her then it would bug me
 
 but if she was at the very least my friend imi ght be more okay with it. Either way if you DIDNT fight for custody id be pissed. 
 
 and.. if it was a gf
 
 and she left would you be ok with me fighting for custody
 
 if you get fixed would you be ok with a potential future wife/gf having more kids?
 
 obviously notr ight this minute since youra t work and im half asleep
 
 but maybe like tomorrow night or something
 
 but anyways
 
 point being we should really talk about it because if we decide getting me fixed is reasonable they willdo  it when soph is born
 
 lol
 
 and my insurance covers them now
 
 i just dont like the side effects
 
 same as you dont like condoms side effects. neither do i really
 
 cause them main side effect I have fromc ondoms is pregnancy
 
 make me sick/fat
 
 i dont like hormones remember
 
 implants
 
 pills etc..
 
 after we get married
 
 the military will pay for BC
 
 yes I like kids too
 
 but we really need to talk about wether any more kids we have will be mine
 
 if we can afford more kids
 
 what we will do for birth control if i dont get steralized etc etc
 
 we have a van
 
 rofl
 
 boo. I like kids... :P
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880182362.html hehhe
 
 me and sterilization lol
 
 do we need to discuss?
 
 what?
 
 Which we need to actually sit down and discuss soon btw
 
 hahaha
 
 At least not yet
 
 and if mr and doc get our way not with just mine and your kids lol
 
 We dont need a bus lol
 
 well every opportunity just arose. lol
 
 Oooh and on bade lol
 
 Im not worried about you being extra kinked
 
 it gives me an excuse to push my boundaries. Ive always said id try anything once if the opportunity arose. Well
 
 nows my chance lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880179991.html\nhttp://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880175033.html\nhttp://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880157466.html\nHEHEHEHHEHHEHEHEHHEHE we need one dont we?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880585767.html I hate crown vics but looky
 
 love you
 
 lol Mwah.. I warned you I was more messed up than you ever woul dbe. haha. ;)
 
 You have started me on this I should reexamine everythinf kick since you have made me realize I have female cuckold fantasy issues
 
 All kinds of things
 
 maybe even stuff that involves the things I find yucky
 
 im not more attracted to it
 
 its just kind of maybe I have to be comfortable. I wont know ubless im comfortable
 
 which requires me/us getting a gf not you getting a gf I think
 
 lol what do you want to try?
 
 Maybe go fourth ave when im sexy again
 
 I need to start looking for someone in between
 
 I think we need a gf. Not necessarily permanent
 
 or a wifey
 
 just some one that we can date ao o can be comfortable enough to try things I think of. Cause one night stands or people I dont know dont work
 
 and someine im already frienda with makes it awkward
 
 lol
 
 imm gonna go take a nap lol so gonna happen right
 
 :P
 
 so you'd have to test lol
 
 its a manual...
 
 Then get it
 
 the nissan gets between 19-26
 
 your the one thats going to be driving it and I dont do money remember
 
 buy it
 
 if it runs
 
 doesnt need more then like a hundred or so worth of work and is relatively cheap
 
 whatever you want honey
 
 that 91 nissan is similar to my old nissan just 4 years older
 
 They are both a little big
 
 I dint know which is which
 
 the first one is cheap and not really anuthing wrond the second one is expensive and has less wrong.
 
 what about the nissan?
 
 That onez good to just $$$$
 
 Needs spark plugs and fix windows for eight. Not bad kind of a land yatch though
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2878978352.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2879221322.html
 
 for the cavilier
 
 we need too. since I have to call that damn kid sometime
 
 Ugh idk im getting frustrated with cars right now. I forgot why I jate shopping for cars.
 
 No
 
 no one I know is that mechanical. Cakes dad owns a garage but him and his dad arent uber tight ao its noy like wed get a discount. I dont know
 
 I meam itd pretty much be all labor cost but remove engine put engine in attatch
 
 check for leaks etc fill fluids
 
 not cheap lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2879415969.html  ???
 
 beer
 
 if you couldn't get a friend to do it for beet?
 
 how much would an engine swap be?
 
 now to just win the lottery
 
 happy happy awesomeness
 
 it will be awesomeness
 
 bwahahahahahaha
 
 lol
 
 and no car
 
 with no phone
 
 in the middle of threepoints lol
 
 My mom
 
 uncle kelly
 
 grandma
 
 aunt cheri
 
 fuck michelle ill pay her what mom owes her
 
 and ill buy jim a trailer so he wont live with grandma
 
 for us and like everyone else lol
 
 well you buy people and ill buy houses and cars
 
 if I win the lottery I'll buy people 
 
 not cars
 
 lol 
 
 not unless you win the lottery
 
 2800 no way in fuck
 
 i dont look at the contacts ever lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880410717.html
 
 but it would take toooooooo much time and effort
 
 we couldg et it done
 
 and he said call
 
 theres no email on the pontiac
 
 none of us have the skills required or tools required to do it
 
 gotta remember that
 
 yeah plus the cost to put the engine in babe
 
 800$
 
 needs an engine swap but comes with engine. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2832062013.html
 
 but the pontiac you chould ask questions. He poseed nothing except the ac works...
 
 we probably cant afford it and it would be MINE
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2879971659.html  &lt;--- PLEASE?????
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880021384.html
 
 The ministers gonna speak clingon
 
 Tv got married in a fantasy themed wedding. It looked like aomeone got married at the ren fair. It was awesome
 
 im so goin totry to tall everyone I know into doing th at. Except taylor because ive decised shes having a treky wedding
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2880410717.html
 
 &lt;3
 
 k see you in bit :D REDBULL
 
 on way home
 
 I talked in person to linds but that was oddly comfortable
 
 and after texts
 
 so you do most of the talking then
 
 i like being able to SEE peoples reactions so that i can react appropriately 
 
 in person yeah
 
 im much more comfortable with that then the interwebs. Im not you
 
 so that he knows you are ok with it?
 
 but are you ok with actually talkign about it when they are there?
 
 and then you can drink rofl ;)
 
 probably not for a couple weeks.
 
 i dont know...this week is booked
 
 next weekend you have that class thing
 
 well when could we do it they dont have a car currenly
 
 true. 
 
 and sex after that would probably be a lot
 
 (like whatever they need plus 100$) so they actually have something to show for it
 
 she needs to get her moms id back anyway
 
 why dont you just invite her and rocky over to hang out sometime lol
 
 yeah i guessed that 
 
 lol yeah rocky is a definite one you have to win over. I figured you were going to pay enough to make me uncomfortable anyway
 
 when normally it would be 25 for 50$
 
 like 30 pics for like 70$
 
 so I will probably overpay for pictures. 
 
 bum bum bum
 
 I have to tread lightly so I dont make him withdrawal
 
 so you would actually have to talk on a phone
 
 she has a house phone no cell right now
 
 both
 
 $$ number or phone number?
 
 wish I had her number. lol make it all easier
 
 lol
 
 out of your comfort zone
 
 probably the same as me asking you to flirt with a boy
 
 girl....weird
 
 If she were a guy... I can do that
 
 I dont spend a lot of time talking sex with girls
 
 I dont know if I could bring it up with her
 
 i like pretending im normal lol
 
 what?
 
 rofl its awkward
 
 thats just so not me
 
 you should talk to her about buying pics. so she knows you are on board
 
 ;)
 
 you know you appreciate that im weird that way. It makes it easier for you to be weirdy our way lol 
 
 if we can
 
 her visiting on the weekend
 
 and doing it then. ;)  then you can have her if you want. ;) hehe
 
 rofl
 
 and I'll work into her and the sex loan.
 
 see if we can get nudes of katey
 
 
 
 I know..  and yes
 
 but I lov eyou
 
 Cause if I cant be there the next bext thing would be watching a video of you screwing them with you.  Wow im weird
 
 Yeah but its an if and an when and shit
 
 probably by like 100$ on each person
 
 I'm estimating
 
 ok
 
 just know it will increase the price
 
 
 
 Yeah
 
 well if its someone I dontreally want you screwing then yeah obvi(usly not. But otherwise if possible and me no there then yes
 
 (i know you dont want it
 
 linsdey would be a lot more expensive to tape
 
 haha.. that might be a deal breaker with some (blackmail) 
 
 if your going to sex them upa nd I wont be there then yes
 
 if its them having sex with someone else...idk its like porn it could be good or bad
 
 rofl not particularly
 
 im not sure i want nude pictures everywhere
 
 you kinda want me to throw in videotaping on my purchases so you can watch. ROFL dont you
 
 haha. so.. when I start getting nudes of her you want me to fix the printer? ;)
 
 :P
 
 rofl our printer doesnt work remember
 
 youshould print out a picture of Katey to look at as I do it. ROFL
 
 &lt;3 perfect man lol
 
 :D
 
 and then you can have your redbull
 
 roflmao okie dokie
 
 thats what I get for dumping my coffee this morning
 
 guess I'll pull ur hair
 
 and bend you over the bed and whip you with the horse crop
 
 im crashing and I still have a long day left
 
 can you grab me a redbull or something from the shoppette on your way by?
 
 sounds good to me lol
 
 soo... quicky? when I get home to change? rofl
 
 haha
 
 ill just go to the grocery store while you get the tire switched 
 
 Oh wait we have two cars.
 
 there is too much to do tonight we need groceries too. Maybe youc an drop the kids at moms
 
 me at the grocery store and then you can drive to the tire place....
 
 and switch batteries
 
 I need to buy the tire tonight
 
 and remember
 
 getting rid of the ford tomorrow
 
 so Imma call the porche
 
 the chevy cavilier
 
 and the integra when I get home about Sunday test drives
 
 :P
 
 the nissan is a racecar tooooo :P
 
 Uh hih uh huh if we can
 
 What a butt I wanna drive a racecar
 
 lol
 
 soo... quicky at like 345?
 
 Imma call when I get home
 
 we said that the only thing wrong engine wise is the turbo pipe isn't  on but doesnt effect the drive
 
 but hasn't responded to the test drive question
 
 Basterd
 
 working on getting the other three
 
 the only for sure test drive is with Carlos
 
 no work back from Cavilier kid though
 
 yup
 
 Ok jeeze ill be drivin allday
 
 and....   you might be test driving the tranny leak integra on Sunday as well
 
 lol
 
 :D yes
 
 it turns me on more if youre selling me. Cause I have issues and like being owned
 
 you can get a quicky when I come home to change clothes. HAHA at like 345
 
 it'll turn you on more wont it. lol
 
 Noooo your job :P
 
 google
 
 amatuer pornography magazines
 
 350 isnt horrible
 
 honestly less then I thought
 
 And I dont think my friends would buy them
 
 Ha
 
 thats the problem I have no idea who in hell youd sell them to. Cause you would have to sell them. Since they are pictures of me. I dont know how to explain that lol
 
 I think its going to cost 350$ to do the lawyer
 
 I can't find a good example of a testomonial affidavit
 
 and I gave an example and she said it didn't include enough information
 
 LMFAO
 
 kinda
 
 jk (on the last part)
 
 and what friends will pay. ROFL
 
 When you get around to taking them lol
 
 soo... when are we going to start selling your pictures. ;)
 
 Rofl picture ok
 
 video maybe in person . . . Not unless fucked financially.
 
 jk jk\n
 
 and we could always sell you ;) rofl
 
 but you konw I can make money appear out of my ass. lol
 
 I know. 
 
 You do do that. We could be millionaires and id still freak honestly  Im so used to shoes dropoing and homelessness and hunger hanging over my head
 
 I wouldn't do that and you know it.
 
 But so do we. So while im more then happy to ensure she has food
 
 shelter etc  . . . I cringe egh ive been broke my whole life I just cant stand the thought of giving money away when I might need it tomorrow
 
 you know she needs the moeny\n
 
 Im such a cheapo lo
 
 Ouch yeah de finitely unless she fuckin NEEDS the money. Cause that amount just took away all my horny
 
 soo... try to keep it under 500 with Katey?
 
 lol
 
 Still counts in my momey obsessed brain
 
 so the cushion helps them
 
 and she likes knowing that I can possibly be there to bail her out
 
 I dont have a timeline
 
 hers dont count
 
 :P and when you still owe marissa so mich
 
 tab wise
 
 it was different and you know it
 
 ignore Marissa
 
 Probably only a couple hundred.  Im reluctant with tabs when you jave a tendency to run them up so quickly
 
 not all at once. 
 
 do I have a limit (with payments)
 
 I dont want to jave to be broke for a month from it. The better you get our budget
 
 the more padded the savings account the more ill be comfortable woth you spending
 
 people cave the higher you go if youstart low. (since I have to buy off Rocky for the sex)
 
 I meant in general. 
 
 Idk no more rhen we can afford at any point
 
 I know about pictures
 
 I meant budget for fucking katey?
 
 hahhhahahahah....
 
 Try to keep it where we can afford a hundred or so occasionally.
 
 Sorry its not my fault o have the female cuckold fantasy. . . I didnt even know I did till you started your shit. I like knowing other women get you off
 
 I like knowing you get them off
 
 I like knowing that since im in the room your mind wanders to me occasionally while your inside them. Fuck now im reaaaaally horny. Changing subject
 
 lol 
 
 Rofl and you need to go work out so I can get some lol
 
 so... do I have a budget with her?  
 
 she needs to get back online dammit. lol
 
 yummy
 
 Maaaaayyybbbeee....we could look at them together ;)
 
 but youd love nudes of her though? ;) lol
 
 I dont know if I could even kiss her sexually. I really just dont see her like that.
 
 the kids are driving me nuts
 
 but I thought Id ask
 
 I figured you couldnt
 
 no. I'm working on a report. I'm sorry
 
 I know this is a ridiculously stupid question but anyway you can pic up adam?
 
 so it will be on the list of things they test me for for the not making blood cells crap
 
 thats what my grandma had
 
 ???
 
 lets cross our fingers thats not what I have
 
 myelo dysplasia
 
 she went like magically cured though
 
 and not absorb iron/make blood cells
 
 the thing grandma had that made her anemic
 
 ?
 
 awesome....
 
 yeah so apparently what my grandmother had is like prelukemia
 
 thursday
 
 4/11/1987
 
 which could mean this whole list of things as a possible cause
 
 whens your birthday
 
 which means my body is not absorbing it.
 
 which means the iron in my body is low
 
 and yeah apparently my ibc  (Iron Binding Capacity) is ridiculously low
 
 um no my birthday is not next week
 
 when is your birthday next week?
 
 wrong(is)?
 
 I have to go to a blood doctor. Apparently my blood tests came back wrongish
 
 Is it wrong that picking adam up from school in an hour seems like too much effort today
 
 Human Servitude\n\n \n\n \n\nGood day fine readers! It has been a goodish while sense I've put pen to paper (or fingers to keyboard might be more apt) to bring you a on a tour of the brewery but it has been a rather busy time in the life of a Tucson magic player. We've had a number of exciting events at Amazing Discoveries including a few SCG IQs (one sealed and one Standard... both of which I was able to Top 4)
 
 a PTQ and one of the first chances to earn an invite to the AMI coming up this summer\n\n(check out Jeff's "Chasing AMI" every Friday to keep up to date on these events!). Along with these trails of magical endurance I was able to travel to recent Grand Prix in San Diego. All in all it has been a rather busy time for me
 
 leaving little time for writing about magic due to an excessive amount of actually playing magic.\n\n \n\nWhile my time in San Diego was not very fruitful as far as Magic went I must say that I had one of the best times on a Magic trip that I've had in quite awhile. I was able to spend time with a great group of friends
 
 eat some outstanding dinners with said friends and watch some of the best Magic players in the world play the game at the highest level. Amazing Discoveries had a booth at the event and
 
 as always
 
 was able to help us all out with some last minute cards that were in short supply.\n\n \n\nAfter the recent PTQ at Amazing Discoveries (you can find some amazing coverage HERE ) I was in a state of longing. I needed to wonder off the beaten path once again and get down to some brewing. I was flipping though my binder
 
 trying to see if anything caught my eye as far as deckbuilding went
 
 when I happened to come across a page that had a few cards that grabbed my attention.\n\n \n\n\n \n\n \n\nI thought to myself "Humans...they all cost 2...sacrifice and bring them back with the servitude". Before you start wondering why I think in such a broken fashion ( I wonder this myself!) and why I own so many "bad cards"
 
 let's take a peek at what I was able to cobble together after a bit of brainstorming.  \n\n \n\nHuman Servitude\n\n 4 Blood artist\n\n4 Vizkopa Guildmage\n\n4 Cartel Aristocrat\n\n4 High Priest of Penance\n\n3 Skirsdag High Priest\n\n3 Nearheath Pilgrim\n\n4 Bloodthrone Vampire\n\n4 Lingering Souls\n\n4 Tragic Slip\n\n3 Immortal Servitude\n\n2 Vault of the Archangel\n\n4 Cavern of Souls\n\n4 Godless Shrine\n\n4 Isolated Chapel\n\n5 Swamp\n\n4 Plains\n\n \n\n \n\n \n\nOne of the interesting things about this deck is that it wants to use itself to feed itself. The interaction of the sacrifice outlets and Blood Artist give us a way to chip away at the opposing sides life total as well as giving us a way to punish those who want to sweep our board with cards like Mizzium Mortars or Supreme Verdict. Blood Artist also helps us to keep ourselves alive when we need to throw a smaller gentlemen in front of a much larger gentlemen. Another nice interaction is Vizkopa Guildmage and Blood Artist triggers. We can pay 1WB to turn on the "Whenever you gain life this turn
 
 each opponent loses that much life" so that when your blood artist triggers
 
 gaining you a life and making them lose one life
 
 they actually take 2 (one from the Blood Artist trigger and another from the Guildmage).\n\n \n\n \n\nBoth of these cards help to fuel a number of engines in this deck. They help to turn on morbid
 
 they give you ways to steal games with Blood Artist and they help to get damage though (via pro color on the aristocrat). You can also use them to punch through with a bit of damage and then return your 2 casting cost army with Immortal Servitude. \n\n \n\n \n\n \n\nThis is a deck that is not afraid to give you morbid triggers. Your 8 sacrifice outlets give you a number of ways to trigger morbid to turn on both the Priest and Tragic Slip. With the number of decks currently running 1/1 creatures (mana elves
 
 Experiment One and Champion of the Parish just to name a few) you will find that sometimes you don't really need -13/-13. The deck is light on creature removal so remember that you need to think about what needs to find itself falling into an early grave.\n\n \n\nThis is a card that I find very interesting. It is not very aggressive (as it is a 1/1) yet it some ways it is. While it is best to be left back as a blocker in a number of situations
 
 it can also be used to get in a few points of damage when they count the most. Your opponent will be hard pressed to block him due to his trigger and this card also makes your opponent think. The more you make them have to make tough choices the more chances you give them to make mistakes. This little guy can really do some work if your opponent decides to attack or block and you happen to have a Vault of the Archangel. Not only will you get a deathtouch trigger but you will also get to destroy something with the Priest. This card also give you a main deck way to deal with Planeswalkers and enchantments.\n\n \n\n \n\nThis little guy can keep you alive in games where you are racing much more aggressive decks. His soulbound also goes well with the Vizkopa Guildmage
 
 gaining you life while giving you more damage. Remember that you can also pair this guy early to gain some life then sacrifice his mate and re-pair him to a 5/5 demon created with an active Skirsdag High Priest.\n\n \n\n \n\nThere is a reason this card was banned in block. It is pure value and can help keep you in games that you normally might lose. This card helps to give you guys to tap with your active Skirsdag High Priest
 
 guys to sac
 
 evasive attackers and great blockers. This card can also help in games when you need to be more conservative with the pressure you put on the board.\n\n \n\n \n\nNow we come to the reason I have selected all of these 2 drops in the first place. This card can help you get max value out of your creatures. You can send your whole team to the yard with a Bloodthrone Vampire that your opponent either doesn't want to block or can't block
 
 then return them back to the field
 
 good as new. This card can also bring you back into a game where you have had to make a number of blocks to stay alive.\n\n \n\nLet's say we have 2 Blood Artists
 
 a Bloodthrone Vampire and 2 other 2 CC creatures. We swing with the Bloodthrone Vampire and he goes unblocked. We can sacrifice our 2 other guys
 
 making the Bloodthrone Vampire a 5/5 and giving us a total of 4 Blood Artist triggers. We then sacrifice the 2 Blood Artists to the Vampire
 
 giving us a 9/9 attacker and 3 more triggers. This line of play alone give us 16 damage (7 from triggers and 9 from combat). We move to our second main phase and cast Immortal Servitude
 
 returning our creatures to play and letting us get another round of triggers from the Blood Artists when we sacrifice to the Bloodthrone Vampire to finish them off.\n\n \n\nThis is a deck that uses each card as much as it can to gain the advantage. You can be aggressive while draining them and keeping yourself alive. It has a number of interactions and it makes your opponent make a lot of decisions. Cards like Immortal Servitude give you late game as well as a way to just sacrifice your team for value. If you enjoy decks with layers of interaction I hope you give this one a try. Remember - a fresh brew is the best cure for a boring game. \n\n \n\nTony \u201cT-Town\u201d Turner 
 
 Instantaneous Worldfire\n\n \n\n\nChandra the Firebrand has existed in Standard for about 21 months now and has yet to make an impact. Some attribute this to the fact that Wizards has yet to pin down exactly what a red planeswalker should do. Others attribute this to the fact that she doesn\u2019t affect the board enough to warrant paying four mana (probably correct). However
 
 I believe it\u2019s because she never wears those goggles! Her hair is on fire and she will be blowing things up! Proper eye safety should be required. But I digress\u2026\n\nI found myself wanting to build a deck built around Chandra as she has always been one of my favorite planeswalkers. The following is the process by which I built the deck (with the assistance of Frank
 
 Chet
 
 Chris and Louis).\n\nChandra in her current version does have one ability in particular that has had me intrigued for awhile. Copying spells has always been a powerful effect allowing you to get double value. For a mere four mana you can have a copy effect just sitting on the board. This seems like a great deal until you realize that there aren\u2019t many spells in Standard that you would want to copy. That is until this thing came along:\n\n \n\n\n \n\nUrban Evolution is a combination Concentrate/Explore that can help you refill your hand
 
 dig for answers and ramp your mana base. This is one of those cards that you love to cast because of the value that it provides. So casting two must feel amazing.\n\nNow that I have a spell worth copying
 
 I should probably find interesting ways for her other ability
 
 1 damage to a creature or player
 
 to be used. Since we have to activate it at least once in order to copy two spells we might as well have a use for it. If only there were a spell that could reduce our opponent\u2019s life total to 1 so we could kill with her\u2026.\n\n \n\n\n \n\nWorldfire exiles all permanents
 
 all hands and all graveyards. Then reduces each player\u2019s life total to 1. This is perfect
 
 except Worldfire is a sorcery. Hmmm\u2026.  Since we are already playing RUG I might as well play an Alchemist\u2019s Refuge. The difference between 9 and 12 mana isn\u2019t too difficult for a ramp deck. Plus
 
 I have now added an achievement to the deck. +1 Chandra targeting my opponent then casting Worldfire after a Refuge activation for the win.\n\nWhenever I hear someone mention Worldfire it is almost immediately followed up with it\u2019s interaction with Thragtusk. This is because you will have a Beast token left over if you cast the Worldfire with a Thrag in play.\n\nThis is a decent start to the deck. Since I am in RUG colors I can begin to fill out the deck with other value spells. Farseek is the best ramp/fixing option available in Standard. Mizzium Mortars is currently the best removal spell so it gets a nod. Izzet Charm has 3 modes and is versatile. Clan defiance seems like a sweet spell to copy. Six targets seems like a blowout.\n\nAfter this brainstorming I came up with the following list:\n\nRUG Chandra:\n\n3 Steam Vents\n\n4 Breeding Pool\n\n4 Stomping Ground\n\n4 Rootbound Crag\n\n3 Sulfur Falls\n\n4 Hinterland Harbor\n\n1 Kessig Wolf Run\n\n1 Alchemist\u2019s Refuge\n\n4 Farseek\n\n3 Garruk
 
 Primal Hunter\n\n3 Chandra
 
 the Firebrand\n\n4 Urban Evolution\n\n4 Mizzium Mortars\n\n4 Thragtusk\n\n4 Snapcaster Mage\n\n1 Worldfire\n\n1 Clan Defiance\n\n1 Cyclonic Rift\n\n1 Gruul Keyrune\n\n1 Simic Keyrune\n\n1 Chromatic Lantern\n\n \n\nThere we go! A deck designed to ramp
 
 copy and burninate! I felt like I needed some extra ramp so the Keyrunes and Lantern got included. Keyrunes can also attack in the late game. Wolf Run got a nod so we have something to do with all that extra mana and push through some damage. Cyclonis Rift can give you a midgame reset button to set yor opponent back and allow you to continue the game plan.\n\nGarruk is included because every girl needs some muscle. Who better to be Chandra\u2019s muscle than Garruk? Well
 
 truth be told
 
 Chandra is more than capable of taking care of herself. Most women are. Chandra just happens to have pyromatic abilities. Garruk is along for the ride as he can create an army all his own and draw some cards.\n\nThis is the sixty that I took into battle last Wednesday at Amazing Discoveries. It was a blast and I managed to win some games I shouldn\u2019t have and lose some close ones that I didn\u2019t think would be that close. I managed to pull off the Worldfire in response to Chandra\u2019s +1 in 1 game. I copied Urban Evolution almost every game. I even got to ultimate Garruk for 11 Wurms one game.\n\nAlthough I didn\u2019t manage to win many rounds I did have a great time playing the deck. Which is more than I can ask for. Far too often we get caught up in winning and forget that at its core Magic should be played to have fun. This deck does so many crazy and fun things that I am looking forward to playing it for the near future. If you have any suggestions for inclusions or modifications that I should try out I would love to hear them. You can leave them in the comments below or let me know in person.\n\nUntil next time
 
 may all your sevens be Snap Keeps!\n\nJeffrey McCoy\n\n(amazingmtgwriters@hotmail.com)
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/ttown4413 and this one :)
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/snap4113  and this one? :)
 
 you should pick up adam
 
 oday is all about the popular Junk Reanimator deck that has been tearing up Standard recently.  My goal is to introduce Reanimation fans to some of the tech that the deck has access to
 
 and also to give Reanimation haters some strategies for improving your matchups against Junk.\n\nJunk Reanimator:\n\n \n\nCreatures\n\n4 Angel of Serenity\n\n3 Restoration Angel\n\n2 Craterhoof Behemoth\n\n4 Thragtusk\n\n4 Avacyn's Pilgrim\n\n2 Arbor Elf\n\n3 Centaur Healer\n\n2 Lotleth Troll\n\n \n\nInstants/Sorceries\n\n4 Grisly Salvage\n\n4 Unburial Rites\n\n3 Mulch\n\n3 Lingering Souls\n\n \n\nLand\n\n2 Forest\n\n4 Woodland Cemetery\n\n1 Cavern of Souls\n\n1 Gavony Township\n\n1 Vault of the Archangel\n\n3 Sunpetal Grove\n\n1 Isolated Chapel\n\n4 Temple Garden\n\n2 Godless Shrine\n\n4 Overgrown Tomb\n\n \n\nEvery Reanimator list can have enormous differences from the one above
 
 but this list is relatively representative of what you can expect to play against.\n\n \n\n\n \n\nBeating Them:\n\nThe first thing to understand about Junk is that it is a midrange deck with some insanely powerful synergies
 
 rather than a deck entirely dependent on the graveyard. The primary synergy in the deck is its graveyard interaction with Unburial Rites
 
 but don\u2019t fool yourself into believing that simply resolving a Rest in Peace or a Deathrite Shaman will be enough to neuter the deck. Far too many people think that graveyard hate will save them in this matchup. It will stall the reanimation strategy
 
 but that won\u2019t necessarily win you the game unless you can also deal with the deck\u2019s mass of high-value midrange creatures. Never forget that the deck can simply cast an Angel of Serenity
 
 often as early as turn 5 via mana accelerating creatures.\n\n\nDuring the Match:\n\nJunk can be extremely explosive in two different ways. The first is a lucky Mulch/Grisly Salvage into Unburial Rites
 
 a big creature
 
 or both. This fast start is extremely hard to overcome
 
 but is not extremely common. A more typical explosive start involves Arbor Elves
 
 Avacyn\u2019s Pilgrim
 
 and possibly Somberwald Sage fueling early Thragtusks and Angels of Serenity. Because of this
 
 if you are trying to win a damage race
 
 it is important to put value on destroying the mana dorks. This serves the purposes of slowing Junk down
 
 deflating possible Craterhoof Behemoth triggers
 
 lowering the threat of Gavony Township
 
 and disrupting mana. Junk has a somewhat sensitive manabase
 
 and disrupting it by destroying Elves and Pilgrims can often have serious consequences during the early- and mid-game.\n\nBe aggressive! Junk can have fast starts
 
 but really shines in the late-game
 
 where they can begin hard-casting Angels and other terrifying threats. Reanimator can stabilize out of nowhere via Angel of Serenity
 
 Thragtusk+Resto-Angel
 
 or Vault of the Archangel
 
 and after these threats build some steam the game is usually over. Obviously Reanimator can just win outright with a lucky Craterhoof Behemoth as well. The lesson here is that unless you are playing a heavy-control build
 
 you need to be killing the Reanimator player as fast as possible. Cards like Falkenrath Aristocrat and Thundermaw Hellkite are extremely effective
 
 partly because they have Haste.\n\nRealize that most Reanimator lists have almost no removal outside of Angel of Serenity. It is even becoming rare to see amazing cards like Sever the Bloodline anywhere in the entire 75. The deck can attack and block
 
 but otherwise has very little interaction with the opponent\u2019s board. Use this to your advantage by over-committing creatures to the board (see: Be aggressive!)
 
 and possibly considering strong sideboard creatures (Clone
 
 Olivia Voldaren
 
 etc.).\n\n \n\nHow to Sideboard:\n\nBelow are tips on choosing sideboard cards
 
 but some generally useful advice is to not over-sideboard
 
 especially where graveyard hate is concerned. Somewhere around 3-5 dedicated sideboard cards are appropriate to put into your deck
 
 but any more than that and you are likely just watering-down your own strategy. If the Reanimator player senses an abundance of graveyard hate in Game 2
 
 they will simply sideboard out all of their Unburial Rites
 
 and you will have an assortment of awkwardly dead cards in Game 3 (if it goes that far).\n\nGraveyard hate is strong
 
 but not necessarily all that you need. The Junk player will either sideboard out a lot of their graveyard-dependent cards after Game 1
 
 or they will sideboard in a lot of counter hate (Acidic Slime
 
 etc) to deal with whatever hate they expect the opponent to bring in. Good graveyard hate cards include:\n\n\xb7         Purify the Grave\n\n\xb7         Rest in Peace\n\n\xb7         Cremate\n\n\xb7         Deathrite Shaman\n\n\xb7         Ground Seal\n\n \n\n \n\n\nTargeted removal like Purify the Grave and Cremate are used to target dead creatures in response to a cast Unburial Rites. This has the effect of both countering the Unburial Rites after the Junk player has already wasted mana to cast the spell
 
 which puts them behind a turn. Cremate is especially good because it will replace itself
 
 and Purify gets double-value via its flashback. Deathrite Shaman is amazing as repeatable graveyard removal that also deals relevant damage over time. Ground Seal is strong mostly because it replaces itself
 
 but if it is destroyed the Junk player will suddenly have access to their fully-stocked graveyard again. Rest in Peace not only shuts down future graveyard interactions
 
 but removes any existing graveyard
 
 which means it provides value even if it is destroyed later.\n\nPoor choices for graveyard hate include Tormod\u2019s crypt and Grafdigger\u2019s Cage. The price looks right on these cards
 
 but you get what you pay for. Grafdigger\u2019s Cage does nothing to stop Angel of Serenity\u2019s come-into-play effect and is easy to destroy with no consequence to the Junk player. Tormod\u2019s Crypt is extremely easy to play around
 
 and after being used once provides no value. It may save you from an early Angel of Serenity
 
 but it isn\u2019t going to stop the second one.\n\n\nOther Sideboard Options:\n\nYou can attack Junk from other angles too. In my experience
 
 cards like these in conjunction with the graveyard hate listed above will severely disrupt the Junk player
 
 and usually can win the game for you.\n\n\xb7         Slaughter Games\n\n\xb7         Olivia Voldaren\n\n\xb7         Izzet Staticaster\n\n\xb7         Bonfire of the Damned\n\n\xb7         Acidic Slime\n\n\xb7         Cyclonic Rift\n\n\xb7         \xc6therize\n\n\xb7         Clone/Evil Twin\n\n\xb7         Angel of Serenity\n\n\xb7         Craterhoof Behemoth\n\n \n\n \n\n\nSlaughter Games is one of the best sideboard cards for this matchup if you have the colored mana for it. Unless there is an urgent threat
 
 always name Angel of Serenity first. If you should see a second Slaughter Games
 
 naming either Thragtusk or Craterhoof Behemoth (depending on the situation and what you saw in their library after the first \u2018Games) will remove most of the deck\u2019s powerful win conditions. Olivia Voldaren is a nightmare for Junk. She will kill mana dorks and threaten to steal \u2018Thrags and Angels until the Junk player finds a way to deal with it. Even if they do manage to kill her later
 
 untapping with an Olivia in play usually is strong enough to tilt the game in your favor. Izzet Staticaster and Bonfire deal with all of Junk\u2019s small creatures and tokens
 
 and preemptively makes Craterhoof Behemoth a much smaller threat. Acidic Slime can disrupt Reanimator\u2019s sometimes fragile manabase
 
 and also get rid of problem lands like Gavony Township and Vault of the Archangel. Cyclonic Rift and \xc6therize directly counter a Craterhoof-fueled attack
 
 and opens the field up for you to get damage in while the opponent rebuilds their board. Clone and/or Evil Twin are some of the best answers to Angel of Serenity available.\n\nA very tech-y solution I have been an advocate of is using your own Craterhoof Behemoths to blast through the cluttered board and massive lifegain that Junk can create. Decks like Naya Midrange and Bant can cast their own Sideboard Behemoths to explosively end the game. Doing this is also a very satisfying way to give Reanimator a taste of their own medicine.\n\n\nDecks with Good Matchups vs. Reanimator:\n\nIf you simply want to play something that will beat Junk outright
 
 try playing either Prime Speaker Bant or Naya Blitz. Bant simply has more card advantage and a bigger top-end than Junk
 
 and Blitz is just too fast for a deck that cannot interact with it very much. Other decks with moderately good matchups include Jund agro
 
 Jund Midrange
 
 Esper Control
 
 and Turbo-Fog.\n\n\nGood luck playing with or playing against Junk! It\u2019s a matchup you are likely to encounter in the near future.\nSean Ross 
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/sos4913 can you message this to me? :) love you
 
 only the ones with my genetics are sick
 
 yes
 
 so adams at school?
 
 and bubba is ignoring verything
 
 but Rene is being argumentative
 
 saundra is napping finally  
 
 poor babe... 
 
 wont stop crying [poor baby]
 
 sophas sick
 
 its making me nuts
 
 grrrr
 
 I cant see it so I cant fix it
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 cause its in the wrong place
 
 and I cant see it
 
 and is annoying me
 
 but it hurs
 
 im not sure if the thingy on my tush is a pimple or an infection
 
 Banchee style
 
 Screaming 
 
 ?
 
 Or lose vocalchords either or
 
 Saundra gonna die
 
 rescheduled for next week
 
 they have approved iuds for teenagers woot. The minute the girls each turn 13 or start talking about sex bam IUD mother fucker
 
 and asparagus
 
 baked and or mashed potatoes im undecided
 
 bbq pork ribs
 
 dinner tonight
 
 duh
 
 go to the commisary and get food
 
 you have the star card
 
 then eat?
 
 I'm hungry.... 
 
 seriously
 
 you think I dont know you 
 
 uh huh till thursday night comes around and you forget and I gotta wip shit up before lunch time on friday
 
 and I'm sorry
 
 I 'm not asking you to. :P
 
 I'm cooking it for Friday. 
 
 pain in my ass
 
 also did you seriously have to lave a large pile of crap right were sopha could get it. 
 
 for more then just the regular meals
 
 you dont pay me enough to be a cook
 
 Im not a cook
 
 and im not cooking for you
 
 potlucks are dumb
 
 as are they
 
 your stupid
 
 ah
 
 someone else is bringing tortillas
 
 but we has no tortillas
 
 you could make black beans and rice yes and whatever meat
 
 only works in fajitas
 
 chicken is yucky
 
 chicken
 
 chicken tacos?
 
 thats just nasty
 
 andI was thinking black red beans and rice also
 
 ew
 
 I was figuring chicken slowcooked mexicany
 
 hmmmmm.....taco meats about it. We have the stuff to make beans. 
 
 granted with what we have in the pantry/freezer...
 
 you could make either taco meat
 
 fajitas or "mexican" salad lol
 
 I get to make something chicken or beef mexican for Friday at work. we decided on a potluck
 
 Poor sophia has my sinus genetics. Thats probably why she was so cranky last night. She cant breath and its making her irritable
 
 we have no money
 
 thats what Ive got
 
 reschedule for next week
 
 Call them and say that you cant meet today the car broke down
 
 I really need to start hoarding money again
 
 any ideas?
 
 oh right got the crds confused for a minut
 
 which is a military only crdit card
 
 I did pay 100 on the Star card
 
 now I gotta go redo the damn budget
 
 your a pain in my butt
 
 you were supposed to
 
 you told me you did
 
 I thought you paid 100.00 on the star card this month
 
 all together with what Ive got theres like maybe 20 bucks
 
 theres a couple dolars I think
 
 is tehre anything in the formula can?
 
 s birthday
 
 I dont get money till friday and that money is already spent on rene'
 
 see exactly
 
 but with our luck they either dont take checks our the would put ti through tomorrow
 
 for that reason
 
 at Donnas
 
 they dont take checks. 
 
 id say right a check and hope they dont put it through till monday
 
 oh ya
 
 there is no one to get money from phillip
 
 I owe him 4
 
000.00 already
 
 kelly wont loan me money 
 
 or Monday
 
 idk. we could ask Kelly. we only need 50
 
 and we could pay him on Friday. 
 
 thats a stupid question
 
 were the fuck would he get money
 
 he has no job
 
 what about him?
 
 what about Kris?
 
 so thats like...15 bucks
 
 I think I have lke four dollars in ones and change and we have a ten dollar lotto lol
 
 she has no access to her money
 
 lol she lost her wells fargo debit card
 
 I can go pick it up if she can have it
 
 i would need it before noon.... :/  this
 
 so youd have to figure out how to go to the bike shop
 
 and the kids are sick
 
 cause mine is negative
 
 and I cant transfer it into my account
 
 so whatever bu I dont know if she has it right this minute
 
 she supposed to give us that much plus for the water bill anyway
 
 and the Capital one card is empty
 
 because I was going to pay it on the 15th..
 
 I can ask
 
 I'm -503$
 
 for the title switch today. The mortgage came out and emptied my account
 
 um why
 
 is there anyway we can borrow like 50$ from your mom?
 
 Leaving now
 
 home soon?
 
 it was fucking HOT
 
 lol
 
 so the windows had to be up and the kdis are fine cause a/c but I drove home topless
 
 fucking bastards
 
 the little mini tornado things
 
 theres the little dust devils popping up in all the fucking roads which are a bitch to drive through
 
 lol
 
 no this is just a full city wide dust storm getting stopped by houses and shit
 
 You can see for like a mile or so right now. But the whole time your getting pelted by dust
 
 different than dustorm though. lol
 
 ya
 
 you cant even see the mountains its so grey
 
 You didnt see the pic I posted?
 
 do you have any duststorm at our house yet?
 
 Driving that van in that wind is a bitch
 
 I know you cant do anything but typing fuck to you seems better then screaming at the kids. 
 
 fuck
 
 like hit something cuss and throw shit OW
 
 like fucking a hurts
 
 grrr fuck this really fucking hurts
 
 fuck of a time for it
 
 i think my stomach issues are coming back
 
 Cause we have a no exceptions ruoe of you dont move out till highschool is done
 
 I think she is worried about me lol
 
 ok. lol
 
 Oh and mom says if Kris' car is actually fixed this weekend/mikey wants to (which who knows with him) he can move in this weekendish
 
 I cant tell if its actually my stomach or if sonya is like kicking the ever lovig shit out of me but FUCK
 
 my fucking stomach
 
 ?
 
 OWWWW
 
 you buy the star at the store 
 
 arizona republic is whatr you have here
 
 is that paper the republic? or the star?
 
 oh and remnd me to talk to mitchellabout wether epidurals are required with multiples
 
 going through the mommy websits cause IM bored and its all cramping without period might be the first sign of pregnancy.....now you tell me
 
 all you end up with its shorts up her ass and her buttcheeks staring you in the face
 
 Saudra cannot wear short or baggy shorts because she cant fn sit right
 
 but they keep doing more tests
 
 She said he was home
 
 they thought I had apendacitis
 
 and was hospitalized for acouple days
 
 they are waiting on more tests so Im going to go with it not being that
 
 its a virul bug they've never seen. 
 
 and if he's like me 
 
 its not an appendicitis. 
 
 nick
 
 no she didn't 
 
 did your mom tell you your brother might have appedicitis
 
 carrier.azcentral.com or call 18777367607
 
 your such a bozo
 
 make me sit up right
 
 if yuo can get me that number. :)
 
 Imma call the Paper to get a route probably during lunch today. l
 
 I want tattoos too. 
 
 then I could get tattoos
 
 I want money too
 
 so not fair
 
 I want tattoos
 
 Ugh I feel like poop
 
 okay 
 
 lol
 
 Sophia wont stop putting all the clothes on her head like wigs. shes a fruit cake
 
 april 27th
 
 I have an event at Amazing Discoveries. 
 
 that way you know. I assume you want me to make sure I come back wth pictures lol
 
 kk
 
 on thursday is Sophias first year check up
 
 sono at 1:30 and mitchell at 2:30
 
 On Wednesday I have two appointments
 
 also just because your gonna say I didnt tell you or whatever because your bad about it
 
 im cranky now
 
 contractions and pain
 
 Ugh my tummy hurts badly and owies and grr
 
 But not the side effects :( it makes ne contract for hours and its owie
 
 lol you like the fun. lol
 
 and then I ge distracted
 
 I keep saying that
 
 no more sex
 
 shes walking around with billys shirt on her head like a hat
 
 lol
 
 I only put a spoonful of sugar on the whole thing
 
 well yeah but its not that sweet
 
 its sweet that is why she ate is all. lol
 
 lol
 
 but she already ate all the strawberrys out of it
 
 and a couple strawberrys
 
 sugar and milk
 
 you hvae sugar or salt on them?
 
 lol
 
 and sat down and scarfed
 
 she pulled my bowl off the desk while I wasnt looking
 
 sopha likes wheat berries but I dont think her body can actually digest them lol
 
 perhaps one too many strawberrys this week
 
 and now she is pooping again
 
 It was horrible
 
 lol
 
 it was like a horror movie but instead of blood it was poop
 
 so much
 
 there was sooooo much poop
 
 Sopha is not allowed strawberrys for like a week 
 
 good. 
 
 A bowl full
 
 how many :)
 
 good. 
 
 eating my wheat puffs see im a good girl
 
 I need some
 
 ?
 
 Transmission flyid
 
 Running off at lnch crying ignoring teachers and monitrts sane shit as at hime
 
 wy?
 
 Yeah its def the blowers i mean we probably need freeon too but its still cold so fuck it. Adams in trouble
 
 we'll see whats left after I pay the Mortgage when I get home
 
 not horrible
 
 http://www.partsgeek.com/mmparts/blower_motor/dodge/ram_3500_van.html
 
 not sure how much a blower is
 
 wait.. it comes out cold desnt it?
 
 kk probably a compressor
 
 unfortunately
 
 If we magically het ney we really need the ac looked at. The bavk blower only works on high and the front blower dont work anf its hoooootttttt
 
 Idk idc
 
 we agreed on 25 of the wipes coupons?
 
 Geez fn kids 
 
 his mom needs to just gps his ass or call the care in stolen or something
 
 dumb shit
 
 he borrowed money from mom for fomrula. She was gonna give him her debit card and I told her to just hand him a twenty and tell him Reciept and change. Good thing she did because apparently he has disapeared and isnt answering his phone
 
 Cheri is supposed to pay it but....Mats AWOL again
 
 moms gotta pay on something and she wont have money till 6 pm
 
 Okay well call me when you get off work cause I might need to use it
 
 ya I have the card. 
 
 so if my mom wants cash right now shes sol
 
 you have the atm card huh?
 
 no you dont and that has nothing to do with anything. your an itido
 
 I dont think your stupid :) I love you :)
 
 the new nurse at mitchels I told you about her
 
 she talks to all the women like we are either stupid or hysterical. She makes me crazy
 
 ?  what nurse? I'm confused
 
 but if you keep getting all ooh shes gonna snap like that damn nurse at mitchells Iwill snap and punch you in the balls
 
 and I hate you
 
 and I dont want to go by myself because that means I have to deal with the kids but there is no other fucking choice
 
 but im dizzy im tired the kids are evil i have to leave in thirty minutes I just want the fuck OUT OF THIS HOUSE
 
 get it not getting
 
 Im cranky I fucking getting
 
 and i answered it
 
 ok. I'll get something cheaper. just a question. :)
 
 New Garnier Coupon: Nutrisse Color
 
 Only $3.49 at Walgreens!  
 
 itd be cheaper to go to safeway and get a clearenced 2.50 pack of clariol
 
 and garnier is like 7 dollars
 
 im not picky on brands so long as they have auburn or red cause I wanna go back to that
 
 would you use that kind of Hair dye
 
 Im not stupid and your an asshole
 
 its jut sitting in the que even though Ive tried resending and restarting
 
 I even rememebred to use the other web browser
 
 The first thing anyone would check. Im not a man
 
 and I asked abou the printer because it has a sleep mode programmed in
 
 NO
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/05/new-garnier-coupon-nutrisse-color-only-3-49-at-walgreens/ just click
 
 I dont like meanies
 
 your mean
 
 ?
 
 Idont like you
 
 youve offended me
 
 Im done with your coupons
 
 no
 
 kk did you see the hair dy one?
 
 whatever. No one in this house uses shave gel anyway
 
 fuck it
 
 Grr
 
 NO ITS OFF YOU FUCKING ASHOLE
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/05/new-garnier-coupon-nutrisse-color-only-3-49-at-walgreens/   cheap Hair dye
 
 lol
 
 is it turned on?
 
 so fuck if I know
 
 dude I cant even get the printer to work
 
 shave gel. lol
 
 BOGO skintimate
 
 wait which coupon is it suposed to print??
 
 oh.. click this instead
 
 should take you straight to it. http://strk.enlnks.com/aff_c?offer_id=118&amp;aff_id=473&amp;url_id=103&amp;aff_sub5=17787194&amp;affsrc=1
 
 click on the coupons logo thingy
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/05/skintimate-shave-coupon-buy-one-get-one-free/ can you print these?
 
 5 dollar diapers. lol
 
 so there
 
 and if you find time I wanna go shopping so there
 
 y9uyou have no time for shopping so there
 
 read :)
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/05/babies-r-us-coupons-5-00-huggies-and-more/
 
 byubba likes svende and axel lol granted he just pointed at the paper
 
 its still a short listbut its longer then I thought
 
 haha Ive written down all the names that either of us came up with
 
 but we could ponounce it completly incorectly and american and say is syve end ee
 
 suh ven dah
 
 granted trying to find names that match those would be a bitch
 
 I kinda like Syvende and Alderen
 
 alderen "norewegian"  for aged
 
 seventh in "norwegian"
 
 syvende
 
 also the long form Septima is just icky
 
 and im not naming her SAVIN or Seven
 
 or a birdy
 
 Id name her Septa but its an ugly name and I cant pronounce it in any other fn language
 
 dont like an 'archer' as a name
 
 nope. 
 
 you know Archer and Sparrow is fn cute though
 
 there jus arent a lot of a names
 
 Atticus
 
 Ash/ashton
 
 archer
 
 axel
 
 atryeu. 
 
 I know
 
 but I keep going through them and the same ones are the ones that I like
 
 gotta catch'em all
 
 Ash ketchum
 
 Rofl
 
 Apollo and Sunny 
 
 Archer and Sparrow
 
 August and September
 
 Okay so....Ash Pearce Wesley and Shale Petunia lol
 
 Ash and Shale lol
 
 Salem
 
 lol we could name them ash and sage
 
 alex
 
 Ansel?
 
 Secilia?
 
 i mean Septa
 
 sexta (seventh born in latin)
 
 seana
 
 sarika?
 
 se cant do that
 
 it s an fn muslim religion
 
 sikah 
 
 then they ouldnt be free
 
 I could overnight it for some free pizza rolls. lol
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/04/totinos-pizza-rolls-as-low-as-free-at-kroger/
 
 kk
 
 I dont see anything else 
 
 heres the curretnly list of Kroger deals
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/category/kroger/
 
 cereal we keep running out of cereal I got used to having a garage full
 
 anything else I canlook for?
 
 I should do that
 
 and we should be getting coupons for stuff soon in the mail oh yeah I was gonna do huggies and pampers too
 
 it just like cycles through
 
 that make sense baby stuff goes on sale pretty regularly 
 
 covers us for Sophia at least
 
 okay yeah thats ifne
 
 maybe like 25 instead?
 
 so apparently there are better deals more often.. 
 
 I just noticed.. its not marked down as a 'stockup' price. 
 
 yeah
 
 so you say 50? 
 
 and I'll probably preorder thorugh the other Fry's again
 
 I can do express shipping possibly
 
 drop down to 50 or so
 
 so yeah since its gonna take a weekish to get here
 
 4/20\n
 
 but the sale expires
 
 coupons expire 08/31/13 
 
 Id go for more reasonable numbers. like 50 but thats just me
 
 When do they expire?
 
 if I order 100 coupons
 
  it would be 86 dollars
 
 for 4200 wipes
 
 wipes always have a use and with seakah (?) and A coming in two  months we might need it
 
 However much you want to reasonably spend
 
 42 count packs of wipes
 
 I can get them or 79cents each
 
 how many do you think we should get?
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/04/kandoo-wipes-as-low-as-0-79-at-kroger/ 
 
 im over it
 
 and ill just move the carseats back a seat for now
 
 ill get teh shit I need tomorrow
 
 whatever
 
 and take the seat out
 
 I'll tr yand take an early lunch
 
 drop off the 20s in my wallet and the FS card
 
 and I told you this yesterday
 
 and I need to clean out the car cause billy and saundra left chocolate milk in there and it smells
 
 and i need to take the garbage and recycling out
 
 and I need to take that seatr out of the car cause its getting hot and the kids need ac
 
 and a fucking ball to sit on so maybe I can not hurt so bad
 
 and I want hair dye 
 
 Well I want $$ too
 
 and I need $$$ to 
 
 and food for me cause IM HUNGRY ALL THE TIME
 
 and lunch meat
 
 I need to get cereal
 
 I WANT TO GO SHOPPING
 
 Love you hun. what did you need the card for? I can try to take an early lunch and bring it to you. 
 
 so fuck it. Imma do what needs to be done
 
 or find someone else to do it 
 
 and im an idiot for not figuring tht out earlier
 
 obviously you suck at that
 
 Im just done asking you for help
 
 love you. Sowwy I'm an idiot
 
 Fn idot
 
 I already told you
 
 why am I an idiot?
 
 whatever
 
 and why am I an idiot?
 
 thank you :)
 
 there
 
 oh 0415616341
 
 wells fargo phone number
 
 oh.. I need the loan number
 
 not the phone number
 
 ?
 
 18002220238 from 6-10 ct
 
 you do it repeatedly that makes you an idiot
 
 that makes you dumb
 
 you upset me
 
 I'm not an idiot :P
 
 oh mwah
 
 Im nit hime dumbass
 
 do I have a Wells Fargo letter on the desk? I need to get the Loan Number when y ou get a moment some tiem
 
 thats it
 
 and yet......youve gone shopping
 
 cause you like to coupon
 
 all things youve agreed to do
 
 getting up on time so I have help since I can barely fucntion
 
 recycling
 
 shopping
 
 money
 
 FS card
 
 You ignoring me is really getting old
 
 grr I'm sorry 
 
 YET again you walked off with the fs card AND all the money 
 
 Adam wet down his hair in the sink at school cause "it was dirty" then we came home and the boys threw snack at each other
 
 adam and billy in trouble
 
 I dont htink hey would wear such masculine color
 
 its red and black. its the spikey ball made out of squishy stuff off of soe piee of jewelry
 
 amber or kendra?
 
 no clue
 
 I thought it was a bug
 
 someone left a polkey earing piece
 
 theres a pokey earing
 
 you had people in my house? or there was sometone in my house
 
 haha
 
 I love them but god if I dont want to beat them
 
 I hate my children
 
 kk
 
 i gotta go put shoes on and pee then imma go
 
 no dl
 
 no
 
 and cant babysit for shit
 
 does he have a DL?
 
 doesnt drive
 
 Eli? lol
 
 I gotta try to get in first thing tomorrow morning or saturday morning so I can get it done before next week
 
 and tomorrow preferably for me to get my blood drawn
 
 and I dont want to keep using him cause i still need him next week for my sono/appt
 
 no hes not that helpful
 
 he's being 'hellpful' recently. lol
 
 make kris go get him
 
 im dixzzy cantt breath my fucking chest hurts and im fucking yelling at the kids which isnt helping and if I scream one more time im gonna pass out and I still gotta go gtet fucking adam
 
 ass face
 
 did that ;) 
 
 fuck me
 
 fuck a duck?
 
 fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
 
 lol
 
 billy keeps running in the living room and cpt just runs up to him liks him and then sits bcak down
 
 yeah its not so bad
 
 right now
 
 its a fight the whole way basically
 
 then he's easier to go for a walk with
 
 i meant moreso on him being trained part. lol
 
 I dont trust our kids
 
 it would be nice to get him trained enough for the kids to walk in a year or so
 
 he's a puller. 
 
 same with going for walks. 
 
 yeah
 
 maybe 
 
 have Eli come over orsomething
 
 make sure he has it on
 
 and when Eli knocks
 
 twist the collar a bit if hestarts going nuts
 
 I might try to start using that to help with the door barking. 
 
 I have a choke collar in the bathroom cabinet  niour room
 
 and hes doing a bit better with the kids running around too
 
 yeah the food bowl is irritating but whatever and now that the diapers are ni the diaper genie he doesnt get in the garbage near as much
 
 and so long as the people dont freak out and let him sniff eh does okay. 
 
 thats bigger than the food bowl thing
 
 (which is just annoying)
 
 his biggest thing now is just the door honestly
 
 he's learning
 
 
 
 yeah h is
 
 then he was
 
 and Captain is getting better about the house stuff. 
 
 fuck OW
 
 its like radiating from just left of my sternum up my neck
 
 down my back and arm
 
 fuck my chest hurts
 
 awe
 
 I saw a Lab/rott/husky mix wth one brown eye one blue eye
 
 granted billy saw a little teacup yorkie at the school yesterday and said we should "put captain away and get that one"
 
 I dont want him
 
 but he's cute. lol
 
 also captain
 
 and hes worlf mix so NO with kiddos
 
 hes cute but chows are singular dogs
 
 chow mix
 
 posted a picture fo ryou :)
 
 ?
 
 grr
 
 I think its cause my heart rate and my lungs keep freaking out cause trying oxyginate brain
 
 its like pressure stuff not muscle bone stuff
 
 I dont think it would help
 
 tylonel?
 
 my chest/shoulders/back fn hurts
 
 I dont know there are two little envelopes and one bigger manilla envelope that has all the fruit and butter and stuff theres a list but I dont wanna look
 
 what kind of coupons?
 
 youd be back by 7 so if sopha goes to bed reasonably early then youll have a little time to sort shit
 
 wtf does that have to do with anything
 
 I know
 
 tutoring todya
 
 and you got something from express scripts and from benefit allotment
 
 maybe tonight if Sophie goes to bed reasonable time 
 
 you need to sort coupons
 
 large LARGE bunch of coupons
 
 coupons
 
 im oppening
 
 you got mail
 
 I havnt checked
 
 any mail?
 
 an exercise ball
 
 with Arthur
 
 Atreyu
 
 Axel sitting in a head down position be pushed on by Skylar
 
 Sonya it would be really nice to have for the sitting
 
 hair dye. Im really really REALLY sick of my hair
 
 list of things ive thought of that I WANT to go shopping for but I have no money
 
 yeah
 
 if his isn't cheaper
 
 I found one for 2100 a year.. 176$ a month. BOOO! since it used to be 550$ a year
 
 okay
 
 gonna go call the insurance guy
 
 
 
 kk
 
 cause I never check mine and you coupon
 
 im giving them your email for the coupons and special offers
 
 im signing up for all the formula things
 
 okay
 
 cox?
 
 I'll check cox
 
 House I have to call
 
 or on the 8th
 
 whatever day that is
 
 insurance automatic next friday
 
 so cox insurance and house?
 
 you did tmobile gas and star card I know
 
 and tmobile
 
 gas cox insurance star card house
 
 I think that covers everything but mortgage which i have to call in for. 
 
 I told you I paid the gas right?
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 my back shoulder blades my chest and my left shoulder are fucking hurting like no ones business
 
 fucking chest pain like a bitch today
 
 cause im back where I started
 
 and now im sitting again
 
 I sat and sat and then felt better so I vaccumed and stripped sophas bed cause she messed it
 
 I cant even move
 
 any mail?  or have you checked?
 
 lol
 
 youll jut get in trouble when you dont give it to me
 
 I never know when Ill want it so duh
 
 I'm sorry. remind me when you want it. lol
 
 I really want to go shopping. I dont know what I need but Im sure its something
 
 so I cant go shopping
 
 and my quest card
 
 you have money
 
 Im also annoyed I have no money
 
 I so tired ceanky unbreathable. Fuck
 
 Is not good
 
 meza sorry hun. Mwah
 
 I feel so yucky
 
 I said when you get a moment. :) whener. No rush
 
 Ok no not for a while i really dont feel good
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/ttown4413 and when you get a moment can you forward this article to me? :) love you
 
 paid gas bill
 
 Ok when i get up. Im laying down until im not so woozy
 
 I forwardedyou acopy of my recent coupon purchase on your aol account. :)
 
 you sitting at the computer?
 
 Im so tired of no vreathing
 
 Its making me cranky
 
 i'm sorry hun
 
 I stood up for too long stupid oxygen
 
 grr I gotta go lie down
 
 mo0ther fucker
 
 lol
 
 sopha does not like kiwi
 
 I cheated though and mixed it into my coffee so I dont know if it actually counts. but it tastes like foofoo coffee
 
 just did three scoops of chocolate and vanilla whey powder
 
 
 
 okay well apparently moms coming early so maybe I will have time to at least rinse the stink off before I go to the doctors lol
 
 I am
 
 Im tired and cranky and I want to take an fn shower but noooooo
 
 I am not being bitchy
 
 ill try to be quick though
 
 I know you wanna go
 
 but this kinda trumps that
 
 you can hope
 
 kk hopefully I make it to Magic tonigth. :)
 
 so long as dr mitchell isnt running like fuck behind and nothi9ng goes wrong
 
 I should be home by 5:30
 
 I dont know anywhere from an hour to fuck
 
 boo.. how long do you think it will take? :)
 
 lol apparently april babys are compromising 
 
 your really bad about that shit
 
 its even on the calander
 
 I told you three times yesterday I have a 4 oclock appt
 
 no that was getting my blood sugar testing done
 
 thought your appointment was this morning
 
 cause I have the appt at 4 and moms gotta leave when you get here so Kris can go pick up eli cause he said he would and eli doesnt have a phone
 
 where are you at?
 
 so moms coming over to watch the kids and then you are going to take over between when you get here and I get done
 
 myaccount.swgas.com Unavailable Due To MaintenanceOur site is currently under maintenance and will be back online as soon as we are completed. Please check back soon.
 
 so there :P
 
 you just go looking for "friends"
 
 is not
 
 that means I dont go looking for friends. lol which is true
 
 waits for freidns
 
 not revengeful
 
 tactful
 
 concerned about people feelings
 
 honest
 
 "quiet easily consoled
 
 lets seee....
 
 gas number 361-0141729-022
 
 isnt* 
 
 and what parts of the July baby arent me :P
 
 I was bathing kids/running up and down stairs and yelling and typeing
 
 I dont know....
 
 how the hell does your hpone sutocorrect to lolita?  LMAO what have you been typing
 
 auto correct on phone
 
 ?
 
 Lolita 
 
 think that will be enough for Sophia. lol
 
 Lk
 
 total
 
 which will be 800oz of almond milk. 
 
 I ordered 100 coupons. lol
 
 I orderd a shitload of coupons for that so we can try to get as many as possible. probably preordering them. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/03/so-delicious-milk-only-0-25-at-kroger/
 
 you see the non dairy milk thing I posted
 
 sorry
 
 ahh. lol
 
 Wed duh
 
 No adam
 
 you home?
 
 So tired
 
 Agressivr bad. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3719874288.html poor puppy
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3720459573.html  lol sounds fun. lol I emailed them. lol
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/03/so-delicious-milk-only-0-25-at-kroger/
 
 A LARGE woman just walked in in heels and a short skirt. Her butt is like a country like a shelf
 
 like two watermelons the huge prize winning kind draped in fabric. Holy hell thats a fucking huuuuuuggggeeee ass
 
 fuuuuccckkkk
 
 Ill check later
 
 I dont know the Gas account number
 
 kk 
 
 No lab corp just dranke sugar water feel dizzy now hate that shit
 
 are you at home?
 
 Im hubgry. The minute u cant eat i fn want food
 
 Kk
 
 $137.88 \ninsurnace coming out on the 8th
 
 I know t mobileyold me lol
 
 100 done
 
 Sounds like agiid plan
 
 200 due on the 15th. I'm paying 100 now
 
 Wright123
 
 Tmobile password
 
 Kk
 
 just paid 100$ on STAR
 
 lol
 
 Krus. Actually bolunteered babysit for two hrs. 
 
 k
 
 Going to ger bs test done
 
 Ok...
 
 I can save 2 dollars on the Cotenelle 9 pack toilet papers. lol
 
 Cox gas insurance sc and chexk t mobile
 
 what else was on the list?
 
 GRR.. can't pay mortgage. they wont let me use First command. GRRRR I have to call them.. AGAIN!
 
 mwah
 
 I WILL KILL THEM FOR TOUCHING MY CHOCOLATE WITH THEIR EVIL HANDS
 
 CHILDREN WILL DIES
 
 THERE IS NO SNICKERS
 
 &lt;3
 
 oooh yay
 
 Snickers on counter
 
 also do we have more chocolate? I ate all the eggs
 
 netflix gave me a " shows where defiantly crossed arms mean business" section
 
 make sure the bozos know I love them
 
 so i have to wait 
 
 I would sleep but sopha is all snuggly
 
 and want to vent at people but I cant cause im a growed up
 
 im just cranky
 
 no is okay
 
 Want meer to come home
 
 but im preggo and not allowed
 
 and they seem convieninet and in needs of hits
 
 and kendra and amber are lucky im preggo cause I wanna hit people
 
 also im cranky
 
 I just decided you were one
 
 ?
 
 slut
 
 Lol
 
 Width you here (thought that meant "why you there)  then I put
 
 that I got off early and was making sure the kids were ok
 
 Ah
 
 confused
 
 Adj
 
 not the 3 bottles he just took out of the cabinet
 
 I gave them ensute
 
 so they are in their rooms
 
 and beating adama nd billy for stealing the ensure stuff
 
 &lt;3
 
 Got off early
 
 making sure kids at ok
 
 Width you here
 
 Haha
 
 :P
 
 Nurse agrres eith me 
 
 nuh uh
 
 Onya ophia too much
 
 ?
 
 Too much onyaophis
 
 :P
 
 still like Sonya
 
 kk
 
 Foubd her so so far so good
 
 Worrted about Skye and preclampsia
 
 I hate hwre
 
 Rolf
 
 what we ened is Hamburger helper to go on sale. lol
 
 Kk
 
 and the pasta and rice sides we need to restock our pasta stuff
 
 it allows us some free stuff . 
 
 Don't not soothe
 
 We soothe need half of that but okay
 
 10 \tBic Disposable Razor on any
 
 exclude trial size
 
 DND
 
 coupon states "Limit of 4 like coupons in same shopping trip"
 
 $3.00 - 04/14/13 \t\n\n10 \tCOUNTRY Crock Spread on ONE
 
 excluding honey or cinnamon flavored spreads
 
 coupon states "Maximum of 2 identical coupons allowed in same shopping trip"
 
 $0.35 - 04/07/13 \t$0.08   \t$0.80  \n\n50 \tDole CANNED FRUITS on any TWO
 
 $0.50 - 05/31/13 \t$0.08   \t$4.00  \n\n25 \tDuncan Hines FROSTING CREATIONS FLAVOR MIX FREE
 
 to $1 (COMPLETELY free)
 
 $1.00 - 06/30/13 \t$0.15   \t$3.75  \n\n50 \tFolgers COFFEEproduct on any
 
 $0.25 - 04/17/13 \t$0.08   \t$4.00  \n\n10 \tFrench's CLASSIC Yellow Mustard on any ONE
 
 coupon states "Not to be combined with any other coupons. Limit of 2 like coupons in same shoppig trip"
 
 $0.30 - 05/15/13 \t$0.08   \t$0.80  \n\n10 \tFrench's DIJON or Honey Dijon Mustard on any ONE
 
 coupon states "Not to be combined any other coupons. Limit of 2 like coupons in the same shopping trip"
 
 $1.00 - 06/10/13 \t$0.12   \t$1.20  \n\n10 \tFrench's SPICY BROWN mustard or Horseradish Mustard on any ONE
 
 coupon states "Not to be combined with any other coupons. Limit of 2 like coupons in the same shopping trip"
 
 $0.40 - 05/15/13 \t$0.08   \t$0.80  \n\n50 \tK Knorr RICE and Pasta SIDES on any TWO
 
 coupon states "Maximum of 2 identical coupons allowed in same shopping trip"
 
 $0.50 - 04/21/13 \t$0.10   \t$5.00  \n\n10 \tKRAFT FRESH TAKE Cheese &amp; Breadcrumb Mix on 1 pkg
 
 DND
 
 $0.55 - 04/12/13 \t$0.08   \t$0.80  \n\n10 \tMaruchan Bowl or Yakisoba on ONE
 
 $0.55 - 05/31/13 \t$0.10   \t$1.00  \n\n25 \tNO YOLKS on any TWO bags
 
 $1.00 - 04/27/13 \t$0.15   \t$3.75  \n25 \tViva Paper Towels BIG ROLLS on ONE or more rolls
 
 coupon states "Cannot be combined with any other coupon"
 
 $0.25 - 04/28/13 \t$0.08   \t$2.00  \n\n10 \t~New York FROZEN PRODUCT on any ONE pkg
 
 $0.40 - 05/31/13 \t$0.08   \t$0.80  \nSubtotal:  \t$31.70   \nShipping cost (USPS):  \t$2.75   \nAdmin Fee:  \t$0.50   \n(Payment method - Credit Card (PayPal Pro))    Total:  \t$34.95  
 
 Visa 
 
 visa
 
 mastercard? 
 
 I'll do one last look and see if there is anymore
 
 hows that sound?
 
 --
 
 Viva Paper Towels BIG ROLLS on ONE or more rolls
 
 coupon states "Cannot be combined with any other coupon" - 04/28/13\nValue: $0.25   \n25 of these
 
 --
 
 it'll be 50cents off each
 
 so like 30cents a package total on the pasta sides
 
 Knorr RICE and Pasta Sides on any TWO 50 of these
 
 --
 
 10 honey mustard
 
 ---
 
 10 spicy brown mustards
 
 ---
 
 French's Classic Yellow Mustard on ONE $.35\n10 of them
 
 ?
 
 Margerine yes i got 90
 
 ----
 
 Folgers COFFEEproduct on any - 04/17/13\nValue: $0.25 \n50 of these
 
 ---
 
 Country Crock Spread on ONE $.35\n10
 
 Dole CANNED FRUITS on any TWO - 05/31/13\nValue: $0.50  \n50 of these
 
 10 Noodle coupons (free)
 
 10 3$ razor coupons
 
 coupons are going to be $26 is that ok?
 
 She had one in the livubg roim toi
 
 She has four lol
 
 Pacifier was in kitchen
 
 Wish stupid phone
 
 Which you were here
 
 Dork fridge and desk/her mouth
 
 He didn't know
 
 Finally in room
 
 .i made sure to tell them when i left dorks
 
 Lol
 
 Nm
 
 Do you know where slippy and passy are?
 
 4744880094206354\n03/17\nBjelk\n608
 
 What's your card number and stuff? For the coupons
 
 Stupid heads
 
  Y doc is all go then they are all eh
 
 Nothing still l in waiting room
 
 What are they saying
 
 Fn waste of time
 
 Id fn know why i bother here
 
 Yeah 
 
 Wow
 
 She was talking suicide he thought he talked her down them Michelle his x got all suicidey so he went to talk to her and heather got shit faced and drove into a semi truck
 
 Heather? No one i know
 
 Who?
 
 Kris is not ok. His friend offd herself last night
 
 W/mikey
 
 Kriss at the house?
 
 I hate here
 
 I dont wanna
 
 what do you think of what I have in there?
 
 click on cart. 
 
 apj_elfman\nelfman89
 
 login to www.thecouponclippers.com
 
 96.79 dollars
 
 I havent checked
 
 or is it on monday?
 
 has your money stuff come in?
 
 they are like "can you come int" IF I HAVE to yes
 
 lol
 
 they are trying to decide if its safe to let me wait four hours....lol
 
 but to be fair Ive been having contractions two minutes apart for the past two plus hours and now its all sparkly
 
 yep and I quote "Idk....youll just have to call them"
 
 shes gonna say call hospital
 
 imma calll mom see what she thinks
 
 neither do i
 
 I dont know hun. 
 
 perma silver sparkles even when I dont move
 
 its getting back to where it was when I went in yesterday and Im deffinetely extra dizzy
 
 should I even bother to call since im going in in 4 hours anyway
 
 whats up hun
 
 grrr
 
 Ive been sitting for an hour and a half and the contractions havent stlpped
 
 idiots
 
 dumb asses
 
 dont fucking listen then get mad when I swat them
 
 evil children
 
 no
 
 you likey my comment lol
 
 always
 
 dondon is in  a mood
 
 whteber
 
 then we can use the register rewards for diaers and wipes 
 
 so I think on Sunday I will get some
 
 and see if on like MOnday we can order a bunch of those coupons. 
 
 7-Up
 
 A&amp;W
 
 Sunkist
 
 Canada Dry or Dr. Pepper TEN Soda
 
 2 L $1.00\n\nBuy 1
 
 Receive $1.00 Register Reward\n\nUse $0.75/1 7UP Ten
 
 A&amp;W Ten
 
 Sunkist Ten Soda
 
 Canada Dry Ten or RC Ten
 
 2-liter bottle from SFS 3/3 (exp 3/31)\n\nPay $0.25
 
 Receive $1.00 Register Reward\nFinal Price: $0.75 Moneymaker USD\n\nAt walgreens
 
 etc etc
 
 and then she gets depressed and sleeps
 
 but so shes back to drinking like a fish
 
 which makes her cycle
 
 which makes her drink....
 
 yeah its not really surprising
 
 haha
 
 she was supposed to go up and see rocky for a weekedn but he blew the money
 
 maybe
 
 she is kinda losing it like crazy pants
 
 I think she blocked me again
 
 and jay is losing it
 
 etc etc
 
 fucked up hormones from the misscarriage
 
 going through it by herself 
 
 no rocky
 
 no escape
 
 no money
 
 why is she having a mental meltdown now?
 
 it would just be three more polpe for me to takle car eof
 
 and her kidws are having mental breakdowns
 
 shes having a fucking mental break down and cant even take care of herself or her kids
 
 she cant
 
 tell katey to get her ass over and help
 
 there is no one to have over
 
 Im not letting one of your sluts in my house again and mikey needs school and kris is stupid as are the girls/boys
 
 we need to get someone to thehouse to help you 
 
 im dizzy and nauseous and can barely breath and im all crampy again
 
 Im fine if Im in bed for 8 hours but I get up and it all goes to hell
 
 Im scared and worried
 
 I want taco pizza
 
 but I dont see how your gonna keep up with that when you dont even take out the garbage
 
 and sweep downstairs
 
 kids rooms
 
 once a week vaccum stairs and landings
 
 make kids clean playroom
 
 vaccum living rooms
 
 sweep spot mop kitchen
 
 load of dishes
 
 load of laundry
 
 same shit everyday
 
 well make me a clean list
 
 so its just gonna get worser
 
 and he doesnt clean any better then you and is a bigger slob
 
 then he goes to comicon for like three days
 
 end of may
 
 when is Mikey dne with school?
 
 grr billy
 
 also found your keys in the middle of billys bedroom floor
 
 which means the house is gonna go to hell cause we all know you dont clean :(
 
 Also definitely movement realted
 
 I did that load of dishes
 
 fed the kids and switched the laundry and they started up bad again. 
 
 except then you know id have to learn finnish
 
 they teach their kids to be smart
 
 I wanna move to finland
 
 leaving now
 
 Whatever
 
 working on m y appeal
 
 I might be a little late. 
 
 kk
 
 Headed home got steroids boost their development just in case have to go back tomorrow more steroids
 
 Obviously can't go into labor duringbthe day cause my brother is useles
 
 Uh hyh whatevwr
 
 mwah
 
 kk
 
 Getting steroids  and sent home
 
 No clue. They could send me home. They could give me steroids just in case. Its all up in air
 
 so coming home?
 
 Only open a cm foury percent thinned out and the baby isnt locked in
 
 ? meaning
 
 One cm fourty percent edfaced. Negative four
 
 kk
 
  To not yup 
 
  Mber and K Andrea went to mom s yup "help"
 
 There
 
 three? or there
 
 The sooner you can get three the better
 
 and it would be 15$ free
 
 sorry.. 
 
 Hm nothuman
 
 Sometimes i do. And i don't know. Maybe they'll just send human to get mom
 
 sorry
 
 I do two
 
 you do two
 
 and we need to find another address
 
 
 
 thats 30$ free. lol
 
 Offer limited to three items redemption per household  so... I can do three. do three using your moms address. lol
 
 its a 5$ money maker
 
 r or or
 
 or billy
 
 do you get dry noses?
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/03/28/neilmed-nasogel-coupons-rebate-0-47-at-target/#disqus_thread
 
 would they let someone interemly take braiden?
 
 hows that house look
 
 Amber doesn't know only Kris
 
 fun
 
 bet that went over great in that house. 
 
 Cps qas called on ambwr by cheri and sosince kris lives there toi...and sophia hates him and mikeys with the othe kidsso her screaming plus cpspluskria
 
 how are they both losing it. its only 5 kids. 
 
 Kris is losing it. Mikeys there to help but...
 
 I know im saying asap
 
 I can't go anywhere
 
 Kris needs to be relieved asap. 
 
 Mom just git out her appt 
 
 Kris mikey
 
 whos watching kiddos?
 
 nice. 
 
 Definitely contractions. "You just won labs an iv and a spec exam" yay me
 
 Its not braxton hicks i xan tell you that. Im just hopong its my bodys useless contractions that just hurt. 
 
 they not plump enough yet
 
 fingers crossed for braxten hicks. 
 
 I haven't gotten in yet but it feels real. This hurts
 
 ?
 
 Lol fuck. This islBor. My normal early stages but labor
 
 boo.. why can't it be 25 cents again. lol
 
 refreshe Soda\n2-Liter \nPersonalized Price\n\n$0.63\nOur Regular Price\n$1.09 
 
 kk
 
 Contractions
 
 why are you going to the hospital?
 
 Hospital
 
 Hapiral
 
 Going to up josh x
 
 your mom posted about cookies and all I can think is mmmmm cookies
 
 good
 
 I eated food so far so good......
 
 I just want to curl up and sleep
 
 buttface its all your fault
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 it hurts
 
 I dont like puking
 
 I dont feel good
 
 cqause thats some bullshit
 
 thats my thought
 
 which I said. OUt loud
 
 while Im pretty sure they all good hear
 
 wow... fuck them all. 
 
 fucking shits
 
 Seriously they are stupid
 
 and then they are walking around the house putting on make up and going outside while mom is busting her ass trying to clean up everything so there isnt a giant pile of mold in her house and Kris is out front talking on his cell phone to his gf. Id kick them all out
 
 wow
 
 literally the whole house
 
 they never unclogged the tub then took three hour showers and flooded her room
 
 the bathrooms
 
 the hallway
 
 the kitchen
 
 the bedrooms and even the living room
 
 Oh
 
 the girls flooded moms house. Shes talking about kicking them out
 
 grrrr
 
 and now Im having fucking contractions. Today is not my day
 
 I just got a phone call today telling me to show up tomorrow. lol
 
 sgt mckee doesnt know either
 
 not a damn clue
 
 Um for what
 
 a letter of appreciation. lol
 
 found out I'm getting an award tomorow.    
 
 kk
 
 D oneheaded. Himewithki d 
 
 lol
 
  girls too many churches 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/family/girls-party-dresses-under-10-at-totsy/
 
 k
 
 Please pick up the kids from Mom's if you get done first
 
 Cause hes weird.
 
 To eat it. 
 
 Cause it was in his closet with a spoon!
 
 wtf did he want with butter?
 
 And billy just git sent tobed for stealkng a tub of margerine this morning. I couldnt figure out why mom couldnt find it
 
 gr
 
 and now he is going to take a nap for throwing fits
 
 he got spanked twice for throwing it
 
 smacked once for ignoring his grandmother and put in the corner where he should have been to fn begin with. 
 
 so then I cam home
 
 he apologized to my mom then ran up to me clinging to my legs crying screaming sorry
 
 apparently while I was gone mom told him it was saundras turn
 
 then told him again
 
 then yelled it was saundras turn. Adams response was to throw a fit and chuck the ipad across the room ripping the charger out. Then my mom told him to get in the corner. So he dropped to the floor and cried sorry and refused to move
 
 Adam is in trouble and banned from the Ipad
 
 &lt;3
 
 Ii gtg get sopha to dentist but think on it and if you get the chance type in what you can think of. I wanna take a note so I dont forget anything.
 
 hungry
 
 lie down wide awake
 
 swelling
 
 stabbing pains in feet
 
 eyeballs no work
 
 I dont know thats why I want list Im trying to remember but im so tired
 
 narcoleptic
 
 what do you need to tell doc?
 
 cant sleep
 
 So far I got stupid (ie
 
 cant boil water
 
 lost baby) 
 
 Also message me what I need to tell the doc this afternoon
 
 grr
 
 TIRED
 
 LOVEY
 
 tired
 
 ?
 
 &lt;3 /grrr
 
 pedal petal fuck
 
 fn sick fn kids fn stupide
 
 Your son is couch bound the next two hours to prevent swelling. He was so busy storming off and being an asshole that he didnt pay attention and got his ankle stuck between the frame
 
 the wheel and the petal.
 
 No...but they wait until mommy is tired and cranky and barely functional to spend a whole day acting like idiots
 
 or hit each other?
 
 Has it ever been okay to run up and down the stairs like idiots?
 
 Have the couch cushions ever been ramps?
 
 Why are the children stupid?
 
 it also makes my eyes water profusely
 
 cause it does
 
 did you nkow that being tired makes me grumpy
 
 so tired
 
 thats way more then we need but okie dokie
 
 should be mailed tomorrow
 
 got 9 of the yogurt gogurt thingys 
 
 Text me
 
 I'm thinking taco bell
 
 Just went on lunch
 
 what do you want?
 
 Im hungry
 
 just need to sleep
 
 and cant sleep
 
 I didnt sleep
 
 I dont feel good
 
 Im tired
 
 I have no coffee
 
 whatever
 
 I have some more of those coupons for the deodorant coming our way. 
 
 today is not good
 
 Im out of coffeee
 
 Mats trying to get me to give him a ride...with guilt. LOl dude I got five kids and Im pregnant and tired
 
 you got feet
 
 walk or ride the bus whiner ass
 
 what do I want to eat?
 
 sweet older woman
 
 Apparently because I am preggo with twins I now have a case manager with health choice that I had to call
 
 sorry used as notepad
 
 18003228670 x4689
 
 Im hungry feed me
 
 I just thought to myself I should see if someone wants to ome over and watch the kids so I can sleep. Then I realized there is no one I trust to watch the kids while I sleep....which is probably why I need sleep. 
 
 Shes like "there next to me
 
 you just fed her...."
 
 I asked Rene "Whered sopha go? 
 
 autopilot parenting
 
 lol
 
 I need sleep 
 
 all while ooking fo rher
 
 and at one point gave her more noodles
 
 walked past her twice
 
 I freaked out cause I icouldnt find her
 
 lol
 
 wow
 
 I need a nap
 
 in the high chair
 
 I lost Sophi
 
 I only had to resend that crap like six times
 
 fb is being a bitch\n
 
 yeppers
 
 not bad 
 
 Yeppers not bad at all lol
 
 nice
 
 so we're dont until Sepember?
 
 done for now
 
 but yay
 
 all of it
 
 fucking bullshit it is
 
 Thank FN god
 
 september or october
 
 579 a month done
 
 even though IM on the phone....
 
 I keep thinking of something I have to do
 
 like check on kids or pee and start walking away wthout the phone
 
 Im so tired
 
 I can barely stay awake for this fucking shit
 
 hate them all
 
 fucking whores
 
 seriously how many times do you need to check on my COURT ORDERED child support? you got the damnm paper its there
 
 wtf does that have to do with her damn fs?
 
 seriously
 
 shes questioning their health insurance
 
 youd think they would have this info. I just turned it in LAST FUCKING MONTH
 
 shes a stupid head
 
 I know
 
 but shes asking
 
 I supply the food for my house. (for my kids). 
 
 not really no
 
 ok weirdo  that doesnt even matter. 
 
 nutter 
 
 asking how many hours a day I babysit
 
 how often
 
 where
 
 im talking to des and shes getting all specific
 
 ? ok..
 
 moms *
 
 i babysit at your house...not mos
 
 one hour in bwahahaha
 
 Im waiting on the other two. So far Bubbas just biffed it
 
 then Saundra started screaming so now shes on the couch
 
 I let them play outside so they would be quieter cause you know hold music plus kids = migraine. But Adam wouldnt stop screaing at the top of his lungs. So now hes pouting on the couch
 
 what up with them
 
 ?
 
 kk
 
 gonna kill the kids
 
 woot almost to the safe zone
 
 hey the kids are at an 80-90% survival rate now
 
 I fucking hate DES
 
 lol only 2.5 im 30 minutes in now
 
 then you wont be on hold anymore
 
 only 3 more hours to go. lol
 
 one step closer.....
 
 lol woot
 
 and I finally got through to hold
 
 I got the insurance through just in time to have to renew the fs
 
 I didnt know we had to call again
 
 I have officially called 19 times and still havent gotten through
 
 I hate this shit
 
 I dont know if I can stay awake
 
 and I still have to call DES for the damn food stamps
 
 im fn tired
 
 but I wanty
 
 nope no nap time
 
 also is it nap time yeat?
 
 strippers need hobbies too
 
 umm.. wow.....  this is a little ridiculous. lol
 
 Im so tired/icky
 
 K
 
 Nvm just got done
 
 He had to get mom then they were going to take mikey tp tje school so i dontknow
 
 Idk its saundra and adam and jris has the carseats i just dont know where they will be
 
 No car seats
 
 How
 
 where
 
 etc..
 
  The kids
 
 pickup what?
 
 Since we still havent seen the doctor if you get done first you should pick up. The kids. Less drivin for me is good
 
 Lol
 
 gotta love hiding money. lol
 
 Id think ten bucks is wnough
 
 page 111
 
 apostle
 
 theres a 10 dollar bill in the book on the shelf
 
 Mom wants an sd card for mikeys trip she sid cash tonight but he leaves at like fourish i think so we cant wait dor you
 
 why whats up?
 
  Fuck i dont have your money card either huh
 
 only 17 available
 
 It's there money on capital one card?
 
 mwah
 
 my tummy is sick
 
 especially since Im getting glitter vision more often
 
 I dont have time to be sick right now
 
 but as soon as I do I need to get checked
 
 the tired cranky icky is probably my iron/sugar levels and i need to get it checked out. i cant today or tomorrow cause I have shit to do and sunday I have the party
 
 Y
 
 or maybe sunday after the party
 
 and im probably going to the er monday 
 
 also sopha likes me better
 
 Lying ass face
 
 Lover you babe
 
 Then i want to apologize for ranting cause im cranky but you havent taken out the garbage in a week o fuck it no apology for you
 
 you are an ass face. A spoiled assface
 
 then you bitch cause I move shit
 
 of course I move it
 
 cant wait for you to fucking do it or it will never happen
 
 Ass face
 
 because theres no reason for you to be home other then to sleep
 
 all day tomorrow and probably next eek too
 
 like you did tuesday
 
 wednesday
 
 thursday
 
 like youll do tonight
 
 stay away fom the house
 
 you dont need to help....thats my job
 
 and if Im tired sick and cranky oh well
 
 Ill just whine more and youll go do what you always do
 
 and everyone can suck my dick cause your not even going to be here to help me because god forbid you be usful. No you come before the children obviously
 
 and get ready for sunday 
 
 and clean
 
 and go to the doctors ith billy
 
 and I have to fucking drive 
 
 and tired
 
 also Im sick and cranky
 
 and the fucking boxes of "collectables": taking up space
 
 :P
 
 all of your video games
 
 Id rather throw away the ten tons of your clothes in the bedroom
 
 theres too much pointless crap here anyway
 
 you can throw them away for all I care
 
 takes up room
 
 doesnt matter stuff
 
 free
 
 :P I am using my head
 
 hoarder again
 
 caus your being stupid head
 
 so fuck off and use your brain
 
 Id rather pay for diapers then get more crap in theis house we dont need or use
 
 theyd just sit there in the fucking garage until I throw them awy
 
 there is no where to donate them too
 
 its getting that product for free in order to get diapers for free. lol
 
 then donate them
 
 whetever. lol
 
 lol
 
 also Im fucking tired
 
 whose gonna buy it? no one thats hwo that would be a weird ass thing to buy off craigslist.
 
 then sell it. I dont are. lol
 
 okay but we dont need anti itch stuff....
 
 then the diapers would be free. lol
 
 If I get a bunch of the anti itch stuff. 
 
 but its in my way
 
 look at this. 
 
 no moving dresser
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/03/22/free-mountain-dew-sure-deodorant-and-more-at-walgreens-starting-324/
 
 remind me that I cant move the dresser myself up the stairs
 
 I can so do this
 
 make and decorate birthday cakes
 
 finish sorting clothes
 
 do dishes
 
 do laundry 
 
 clean house
 
 tomorrows to do list
 
 start sorting clothes
 
 do dishes
 
 do laundry
 
 Clean house
 
 Todays to do list:
 
 kk
 
 I need to put all the newborn stuff in the dresser and everything else in boxes under the crib or something. Also I need to figure out what to do with the three hundred thousand baby blankets. I need to get it at least mostly done because sunday there will be MORE clothes
 
 Help me sort the damn thirty piles of friggin baby clothes
 
 Move dresser upstairs
 
 Things you NEED to do Tonight/Tomorrow BEFORE magic. Take out ALL the garbage. 
 
 thank you :)
 
 Last weekend I was in San Diego for the Grand Prix. The format was Modern and I was excited. Not excited to sling Modern but excited for the chance to go to a large Magic tournament. I had settled on playing a version of RG Aggro with two miser Ball Lightnings. The Ball Lightnings turned out to be the highlight of the deck
 
 winning games I had no business of being in. The main event was a disappointment with a record of 3-3 drop.I wish there was more to say but it wasn't a memorable tournament.\n\nModern is still a strange format to me. I don\u2019t enjoy it very much. I feel this is due to the cost prohibitions to get in to the format. Many staples are $60+ and this makes it hard to be competitive. The other thing is that there are a lot of \u201cloading screens\u201d. When both players are fetching you get long periods of shuffling and staring. Eggs makes it even worse when it can take 10-15 minutes for it to combo off. Maybe the future will get better but right now it\u2019s not very fun.\n\nThe event was a blast though. I got to meet Gerry Thompson
 
 Brian Kibler and David Ochoa and talk to them for a bit about the format. I ran into Eric Froehlich while he was brewing and got a signature. I finished off the weekend by playing in the Standard portion of the Sunday Super Series. The Sunday Super Series is a collection of events where the Top 4 players gain entry into a draft to compete for entry into the Super Series Tournament. The Super Series takes place at Wizards Headquarters in Seattle. You get to take a tour of WOTC
 
 play with the designers and compete for $20
 
000.\n\nThe tournament was eight rounds and included future MTG Hall of Famer William Jensen and Pro Tour staple
 
 Jackie Lee. After I sat down for the players\u2019 meeting I realized this was going to be serious business. I decided this would be a good chance to practice for this Saturday\u2019s PTQ. I had brought my Naya deck with me just in case Modern didn\u2019t work out and this was my brew:\n\nMcCoy Naya:\n\n4x Avacyn\u2019s Pilgrim \n\n4x Boros Reckoner \n\n4x Restoration Angel \n\n4x Huntmaster of the Fells \n\n4x Thragtusk \n\n2x Aurelia
 
 The Warleader \n\n4x Farseek \n\n4x Mizzium Mortars \n\n2x Garruk Relentless \n\n2x Domri Rade \n\n2x Selesnya Charm \n\n1x Kessig Wolf Run \n\n4x Temple Garden \n\n4x Stomping Ground \n\n3x Sacred Foundry \n\n4x Rootbound Crag \n\n3x Sunpetal Grove \n\n3x Clifftop Retreat \n\n2x Cavern of Souls \n\nSideboard: \n\n3x Assemble the Legion \n\n3x Centaur Healer \n\n2x Rest in Peace \n\n2x Ground Seal \n\n2x Sigarda
 
 Host of Herons \n\n3x Oblivion Ring\n\n \n\n\nThis is the same list I played two weeks ago at the Super IQ. I managed to play it to a 14th place finish. It was good enough to win 18 packs but not quite good enough to qualify for the big prize. However
 
 Jensen didn\u2019t make Top 16 and Jackie Lee got 12th
 
  I felt pretty good about the finish. I will be playing the same list at the PTQ this Saturday with little to no changes. I feel really comfortable with the deck and like the way it plays. Whenever I shuffle it up I feel like I have at least a fifty percent chance of winning.\n\nThe weekend was a great time with a great group of friends. Special shout out to Shawn
 
 Dick
 
 Tony
 
 Christian (YOLO my swag)
 
 Louis (is it safe?)
 
 Scott
 
 Ryan
 
 Chet
 
 Dusty
 
 Mike
 
 Johnny
 
 Jason and Phimus for making the weekend memorable. I've been on a few of these trips and it isn't the Magic that makes it memorable
 
 it's the people and the experience. Make sure you take some time to enjoy it. The tournament was a wash but the trip was one of the best. Seems illogical but that's how it works out.\n\n \n\nThis Saturday:\n\nWin a free trip to Dublin to compete in the Pro Tour \n\nSaturday
 
 March 23rd\n\n$25 entry\n\n10AM start\n\nStandard format\n\nSwiss rounds based on attendance with a cut to top 8\n\nWinner gets an invite to Pro Tour "Friends". Additional prize based on attendance.\n\n Don\u2019t miss out on this exciting opportunity to win your place on the grandest stage of them all!\n\n \n\nDon't Miss the First Opportunity to Qualify for the Arizona Magic Invitational \n\nFull Details HERE!\n\n$25 entry\n\n3PM start\n\n8-man pods up to 64 players with a cut to top 8 draft\n\nPrizes:\n\n1st - $100 and an automatic invite to the Arizona Magic Invitational\n2nd - $50 and 8 AMI points\n3rd/4th - $25 and 4 AMI points\n5th-8th - 2 AMI points\n9th+ 1 AMI point\n\n\nThis Saturday also marks the first Arizona Magic Invational Qualifier. If Standard is not your thing or Lady Luck knocks you out of the PTQ you can enter this to win your spot.\n\nStay Tuned to Snap Keep over the Summer as every week I will be bringing you a recap of the previous week\u2019s AMI Qualifier. It\u2019s going to be a great ride and I hope all of you will come out and support the Arizona Magic Invitational. You can see the full list of events on the Facebook Page or Events Page. If your store isn\u2019t participating let them know you want to be \u201cChasing AMI\u201d.\n\nUntil next time
 
 may all your sevens be Snap Keeps!\n\nJeffrey McCoy
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/snap32113  could you copy this and paste it in here for me pretty pretty please
 
 I guess its a good thing I have an hour to talk myself into it
 
 I pulled out hamburger but I dont want to cook
 
 my tummy is yucky an im tired
 
 exactly
 
 thats why I keep squeezing lemon juice on the lids. lol
 
 he doesnt like lemon garbage
 
 cause its been full of lemons
 
 then he was
 
 hes already better about the trash 
 
 which we will never get around to doing
 
 and I think he'll be fine after the door eticate training and maybe some mild 'manner' tyraining or whatnot
 
 I might get out for 'pt' and come home for a bit before tutoring
 
 lol they said if he cant acclimate and needs ahome he has one
 
 no steal captain
 
 that they love captain and want to steal him/ grandma knocked grandpa out with an ironing board
 
 what part about the grandparents?
 
 when are you coming home?
 
 granted I dont want to do that
 
 cause the damn oman is so sick
 
 So did you read the part about the grandparents?
 
 dumbass
 
 years*
 
 Hes hoping probation
 
 but if not its 3-5 yars
 
 yep.
 
 dumb ass
 
 Cameron is being charged with three counts of trafficing stolen shit
 
 and then she asked about the hitting story and I laughed and told her what happened. and she said grandpa ACTUALLY hit her once and she knocked him out with an ironing board.
 
 Grandma loved on the kids and grandpa loved on Cpt. Apparently if he ever needs a home he has one with them. They fell in love with his cuteness
 
 but agree he is a little high strung and the kids are stupid
 
 we have a dresser in our living room lol
 
 well
 
 Grandma and Grandpa came over
 
 maybe you can fix it but I gave up
 
 The kids broke the vcr aready
 
 same difference
 
 sure
 
 uh huh
 
 didn't say I was sick
 
 said I didn't feel good
 
 so you cant be sick
 
 you went to magic yesterday
 
 cause your spoiled
 
 doesnt count
 
 :P
 
 me neither
 
 I dont feel good
 
 also fuck
 
 I can take saundra and sophie but I cant take saundra sophie and Adam
 
 and I really shouldnt even take Saundra
 
 gonna have to figure out something to pick up adam tomorrow. Billy has a doctors appt at 2 for his check up
 
 I dont knw if I should laugh or cry
 
 I fell asleep on the keyboard
 
 I cant feed you from here hun
 
 fuck
 
 I dont like you
 
 and your mean to me
 
 Are too
 
 its rude
 
 I'm not being mean. :P
 
 and stop being mean to your mom
 
 stupid children. Gave Adam Motrin
 
 fevers gone. Now he wants to play. Hes going to school tomorrow if hes pucking
 
 so there
 
 cause you get sleep
 
 also your just a whiner
 
 so Iim more pathetic
 
 And there are three of me
 
 your all stupid head
 
 and you dont get to be sick because you know
 
 you suck
 
 need
 
 *food
 
 good
 
 and I'm tired
 
 hungry
 
 also :P
 
 I can't.. 
 
 FEED ME
 
 Im kinda wooshy
 
 I might need to call my doctor
 
 Its all the way over there. I really really need to do something
 
 I might buy one after work. or on lunch break.. lol I want ham
 
 I want ham.... lol
 
 I already ate two bagels and Im still hungry
 
 also feed me seymore
 
 maybe pork roast or somthing
 
 turkey too mcuh
 
 and no turkey
 
 now
 
 grr but I want food vision
 
 we can do the turkey on Sunday
 
 just for us.. extra left overs
 
 that goes poof food
 
 I want magic food vision
 
 noooo not for people..
 
 also I dont want to walk to the garage
 
 We can make ham on sunday
 
 we have a ham in the freezer. lol
 
 I kinda want Ham. lol 
 
 also santa is hungry
 
 Im santa
 
 i8t does
 
 weirdo
 
 my belly jiggles like a bowl full of jelly
 
 Im so tired
 
 :P
 
 well its true
 
 :P
 
 :)
 
 )
 
 eh only cause you keep making btuter noodles
 
 its going fast thoguh
 
 we still have like a tub and a half of butter lol
 
 (the sticks)
 
  $0.79 EACH\nImperial Spread butter\n16-oz. Limit 3 
 
 like cofee
 
  $2.00 OFF\nSafeway SELECT Bulk Coffee \nPer lb.   hehe
 
 so random parts of my back are itchy
 
 I covered in the lotion but I cant reach all the spots
 
 Im not like you
 
 when I can feel the grease I have to wash
 
 yes but I was so yucky. i needed washing
 
 shower made you itchy
 
 Im tired
 
 and itchy
 
 Meat 
 
 Amy preferences
 
 Sonic it is
 
 all I can think about is cows and ice cubes
 
 I really wish I cared right now. I should cause we are broke but honestly I think IM having an anemia issue and thats why Im so tired
 
 Like from store or hamburger
 
 Meat beef beef is good
 
 Death
 
 On way home
 
 whatcha want
 
 also coffee is useless
 
 cause Kris threw half of Kahlens toys out
 
 so mom brought them here and gave them to the kids
 
 we have more toys
 
 also
 
 Sunday I plan on making them organize it
 
 Kris put shit in it and mom put a ouple things in it so she can "get the city off her back"
 
 our garage is full
 
 k
 
 there :) done
 
 Account Number:   7806812852  \nPayment Amount:   $98.94  \nPay By:   PinlessDebit ************1107  \nPayment Date:   03/20/2013  \nYour confirmation number is:   796438795  \n
 
 yeah until you keep getting yelled at cause you glance at the list put it down and forget whats on it
 
 sounds good :)
 
 Im just gonna start writing everything down on to do lists and tape them to the television and the computer moniter. Then if you play video games or go online I know you saw them and you have no excuse for being an idiot
 
 you dont listen to me. Its annoying
 
 so pay it then
 
 which Ive told you sixteen thousand times
 
 $95.44 
 
 The electric is due NOW
 
 now
 
 to pay the electric  now or on the first. lol
 
 so no pizza
 
 which is gonna happen
 
 for when we are fucked
 
 and on the first we have all the bills due again so any leftovers should probably be saved
 
 still have to pay electric and for your divorce
 
 mortgage came out already
 
 we still have to pay the electric bill
 
 the morgage has to come out
 
 you have to file for divorce cause your wife is too cheap and manipulative and lazy to do it herself and if she writes "sole custody " to you then shes a crap mom
 
 WE HAVE NO MONEY
 
 you can order some
 
 and I'll give you the card number
 
 do you want Pizza?
 
 Im tired
 
 I have nothing to eat
 
 billy wont listen
 
 every time I yell my head pounds adams stealing shit
 
 billy is stealing shit
 
 the kids cant close a fucking gate and I have to deal with this shit. Oh and my ex brother in law told me I look like a dyke and hes right so hows about you realize that between your work
 
 your tutoring
 
 your multiple nights of magic and my hormones you can suck it
 
 eat something
 
 love you too
 
 fuck off and die
 
 yeah whatever
 
 Wed is Standard night
 
 its Wed and Saturday (saturday only if there is an event)
 
 pick a day
 
 dude
 
 the days keep changing. It went from monday to monday sunday to monday sonday saturday to tuesday saturday sunday. now its whenever the hell
 
 you dont talk to me about anything
 
 ?
 
 since when are you doing magic tonight
 
 thats okay I havent eaten at all.
 
 so I'll bring those home. :)  and take out the trash before Magic tonight
 
 I bought wipes but didn't get a chance to grab lunch. lol
 
 yup
 
 you are a complete and toal dork
 
 and I might see if I can borrow their Boros Reconer cards for the Saturday Tournament so I donthave to buy thm until I can try them out
 
 Ok...poont
 
 I have to meet Mikeys teacher tomorrow to pick up the two cards she owes. me. since I need them for my deck for Saturday
 
 heehee
 
 rectangles....angles that text and drive....lol
 
 so I know if I fall asleep he wont be burning down the house
 
 eh. at least hes playing perry not doing something else
 
 this is numerous times each fucking day
 
 smack the fuck out of him
 
 I keep nodding off then I cant find my phone cause billy takes it to go play perry the platupus
 
 im like crzy person high school havent slept in three days tired. ITs kinda ridiculous
 
 but thats eight hours away.can it be bedtime now? please? i just so tired.
 
 not yet. like 8pm
 
 is it bedtime yet?
 
 ow
 
 ha no
 
 Im not a bby
 
 I can do it I THINK. i JUST NEED TO SLEEP SOON. iF i DONT GET A FULL NIGHT S SLEEP IM GONNA LOSE IT
 
 have Sylvia or Mike do it. lol
 
 Mat has no gas because he keeps sneaking out
 
 Kris is sick
 
 or matt
 
 make kris do it. 
 
 it means I have to think harder or die
 
 driving is stupid
 
 fuck driving
 
 and I have to drive in an hour
 
 and tired
 
 Im mad
 
 GRRRR
 
 FUCK
 
 sunday
 
 suday
 
 party sybdat
 
 i gota clean sat
 
 fag
 
 and the PTQ is the Pro Tour Qualifier
 
 AMI (is arizona Magic INvitational)
 
 just posted to FB
 
 Amazing Discoveries\nCardfight!! Vanguard has a sneak peek this Saturday at noon. We'll either do a draft or a win-a-box depending on demand
 
 so don't forget your decks.\n\nStart Chasing AMI on Saturday afternoon. Draft qualifier starts around 3:30/4:00.\n\nAnd of course
 
 there's a plane ticket to Dublin up for grabs at our standard PTQ. Tourney starts at 10
 
 reg starts at 9.\n
 
 your liar faced
 
 theres no standard turnaments on saturdays at 9 am
 
 doubt the winning part. but still funny
 
 and a free ticket to Dublin if I win. HAHA
 
 a standard tournament
 

 
 what?
 
 Saturday starting at 9am at Amazing Discoveries. :)
 
 and today is dumber extra
 
 ok Its not an emergency but I knew if I didnt tell you now Id forget. Im not exactly smart right now
 
 kk I'll try to get out of here for lunch and grab some
 
 we are out of wipes I have gots non moneys. Im like -40 right now
 
 my brain is dying
 
 at least take one online course at a time
 
 Im going to go back to school next year I think
 
 next pay check is house cox gas insurance sc your ticket and the capital one
 
 we paid them all I think
 
 Im FUCKING TIRED
 
 were
 
 where on?
 
 ?
 
 where on for this paycheck
 
 vs
 
 house
 
 electric
 
 did we have any other bills to pay?
 
 why am I so tired
 
 hence me never wanting to get married again
 
 Divorce is a pain
 
 lol
 
 it fucking better
 
 will it still count?
 
 remember. 
 
 :P
 
 I already took the parenting class. 
 
 and you have to take a parenting class
 
 but that is after you file the papers
 
 youll have thirty days to do it
 
 which in this case just certified mail would work
 
 packet 10 is instructions on how to serve I think
 
 packet one is informational
 
 packet 11 you only need if she doesent respond in 30 days
 
 The "mediation" is required by the state in order to create some kind of agreement between you two but I think since she is out of state you can get that waved probbly
 
 i took the questionaire thingy. lol
 
  Packet #1: "Divorce - General Information"\n Packet #2: "Divorce with Children - Petition"\n Packet #4: "Divorce with Children - Decree"\n Packet #8: "Child Support"\n Packet #9: "Child Custody &amp; Parenting Time"\n Packet #10: "Dissolution
 
 Legal Separation
 
 Annulment - Service of Papers"\n Packet #11: "Default Judgement or Decree"\n Packet #15: "Mediation"\n\nHeres what they say that I need. .. ... 
 
 So Adam has No dessert
 
 NO exceptions for two weeks. Because thats four times hes gotten into the cake since sunday
 
 Or I should be offended because they really think Im stupid
 
 I dont understand how you think that chocolate/and or cottage cheese all over you isnt obvious
 
 the boys are just fucking stupid
 
 the girls are temper tantrum throwing whiners
 
 Mainly the boys
 
 they are all retarded
 
 otherwise yeah...they are listening lol
 
 hid it in his room and I have  a pile of clothes covered in cottage cheese
 
 but he got cottage cheese
 
 Eh if you dont count Adam getting into the cake again. Once I woke up enough his face and hands were covered in chocolate. tossed the cake. Billy got a bagel but I didnt get him cream cheeseso he tried to steal some
 
 I havent got the energy to even keep up with my farm today. Im so tired. I dont think I slept at all last night. Between Sophie
 
 Rene and billy I was up what seemed like every twenty minutes.
 
 make sure you clicky on your exotic egg thingy with my account
 
 kids listening?
 
 kk
 
 I sent you an email with the packets you need. 
 
 haha.   
 
 good thing Rachel is tall lol
 
 FUCK THAT
 
 9 OZ
 
 8 POUNDS 
 
 ass
 
 :p
 
 no
 
 Text
 
 it's faster
 
 I know
 
 Ill see ya whenever you get ariound to getting home after that.
 
 Kk I'm at pt
 
 then tutoring
 
 kahlen might be spending the night and I dont know when they are picking up braiden/if Im dropping him off. 
 
 Kk
 
 most of it stayed 2s 
 
 mild to no progress on actual report card
 
 Good
 
 got adams report card. Mild progress IEP wise
 
 little shit
 
 braiden is puking cause hes got the bug and I finally got him feeling better and sopha walks up and swipes his binky
 
 Then again after looking through my albums
 
 I might have enough pictrues of sophia lol
 
 There
 
 now I only have to take some picks of Sophia tomorrow and im done
 
 fun fun
 
 busy writing my appeal to them trying to get rid of me
 
 haven't had a chance
 
 did you see the kids pics?
 
 God Saundra and billy "hes our baby now. We keep him" "ya ow babwe noh. no go"
 
 stomach bug 101
 
 I get there and Im like flat soda...sip
 
 no food till you can keep that down
 
 it wasnt even her it was mat all convinced she was dying and shit cause she was puking 
 
 Grr
 
 idiot woman
 
 she wanted me to take her to urgent care. I was like haha...NO
 
 the woman has the stomach bug and was trying to chug water so she made herself more icky
 
 I dont know how long
 
 lol
 
 yes
 
 Jack jack?
 
 got braiden. His mom cant do the stomach bug and the baby at the same time lol
 
 sucks to be you
 
 that has nothing to do with me and everyting to do with you wanting to not be a parent
 
 fuck you
 
 yeah no
 
 haha
 
 adam and Saundra can even go to church on sunday if they all go to her house this weeknd. ll HAHA  then you can sleep
 
 I can play magic
 
 and she feels like she made progress savignn their souls. LMAO
 
 thats what he gets into here when he has to work to get shit and his mom can barely move. at moms hed die
 
 haha funny
 
 I think you should donate all the kids to your mom thisweekend. lol
 
 dumbass
 
 then couldnt figure out why his skin hurt
 
 billy decided his arms needed detergent
 
 no
 
 my whole body tenses and shakes and it hurts
 
 vomiting fucking hurts
 
 it hurts
 
 no
 
 you might as well eat an entire meal
 
 and deal with gettingt sick so you have some nutrients
 
 so far today ive kept down three sips of diet soda
 
 ice cubes
 
 and about a half an ensure
 
 cause im fucking hungry
 
 which is pissing me off
 
 it comes right back up
 
 I keep trying to eat
 
 order something. something...
 
 eat something. 
 
 fuck fuck fuck
 
 im hungry but i dont wnat to eat
 
 im soooo mad
 
 cause the house is a mess and i only gotr dishes and one load of laundry and vaccuuming done
 
 please
 
 can I curl up and cry
 
 Thats why I said okey dokey before you answered. :P :D
 
 I wanna curl up and cry
 
 is yucky
 
 I dont feel good
 
 okey dokey :)
 
 so no magic tonight?  
 
 and IM hungry
 
 my stomach isnt
 
 my mouth isnt but I want food
 
 I feel icky
 
 something
 
 I dont knw
 
 what doyou need?
 
 I dont feel good
 
 also I need something
 
 icky iggy icky ow pain ouch damn fuck
 
 lol
 
 it wouldnt hae mattered what it ws. It was nummy
 
 its just not now.....17 hours later lol
 
 Sonya. :P and I thought that they sirloin would be yummy "m sorry its not agreeing
 
 SKYLAR is mad at me
 
 also OWWWWWW
 
 also Im STILL burping sirloin burger. Its yucky
 
 damn dumasses
 
 fuck that
 
 the stupid children are trying to weasel an invite over for the weekend. Im tired
 
 Im cranky
 
 I just want to sleep all day and I have shit to do. I dont need two teenagers making a bigger mess that I have to cook for/clean up after
 
 have to clean
 
 ?
 
 no jace to c;eam for sumdat
 
 whn I get off work
 
 you go to bed
 
 but I have kids and house
 
 I need to sleep
 
 I dont
 
 and no
 
 I puked half of it back up
 
 you need something. at least an ensure thingy
 
 it doesnt want it
 
 Im not putting more solid food in there
 
 no
 
 fuck you
 
 unfortunately
 
 cant even keep liquids down too well
 
 sounds like you need to feed it again. 
 
 did it threw it up
 
 yioue failtr
 
 if its hungry .. feed it. 
 
 kid evil
 
 my tummy is screaming'
 
  you exist 
 
 what?!
 
 Die 
 
 Fuck you
 
 Ass
 
 :P
 
 Cause its fub
 
 what you flip me off for. :P
 
 My tummy hurts
 
 [[midfing]]
 
 just to see if it actually works 
 
 Good
 
 she peed a little
 
 yay
 
 Because the house is amess im sick your not here and even if you eere ix still be sick dealing with kids and the house would still be a mess
 
 Y?
 
 i hate you so much right now
 
 especially when shes gonna have her parents fd up veins
 
 I called the doc and she gave me some tips but if she doesnt start peeing I have to take her in before she gets too dehydrated. If shes a littl dehydrated they can iv her
 
 if she is alot dehydrated then her little veins will be all shrivled and it will be worse
 
 water and pedialite and watered down powerade and soy milk cause shes not really eating
 
 have you been giving her water? or just the pedialite?
 
 seriously
 
 your daughter had better pee because I really dont want to drag my vomiting sick ass to the damn er to hold her down while they shove a needle in her arm
 
 so dont you fucking GRRRR me
 
 Im sick fucktard Im trying to drink and eat but it ends with vomiting
 
 cause both of those can go
 
 I was gonna give the bassinet and one of the single strollers and anything else I see
 
 and I dotn think we have anything. 
 
 and....grrr
 
 and then they sell it
 
 the whole family gives shit 
 
 there is a church yard sale thing
 
 what sale?
 
 and I have to raid the garage for shit for the sale tomorrow for chreri to pick up
 
 and make lunch in a half an hour. and try to drink/eat something again
 
 I think my stomach stopped working
 
 also still puking up dinner from last night.
 
 and I gotta go to the frys at some point and get some probiotics for sopha. The nurse lady says that they might help with the diahrea
 
 My day is fucking fabulous
 
 your funny. As it is I feel like crap and if Sopha doesnt start peeing I gotta take her in to get an Iv.
 
 extra long nap for everyone then. lol
 
 If I still feel like this
 
 am kept up all night by sopha
 
 have three cranky ass kids with fevers/nothing else fucking wrong other then a tummy ache to make them evil....no
 
 so..  think I can go to FNM (friday night magic) tomorrow night?
 
 I spanked adam for beating billy
 
 Saundra is in the bedroomfor ten more minutes for screaming at the top of her lungs and if she does it again it will be for the rest of the day and bubba is stuck on the couch because he talked saundra into going outside with him and playing in the water when they were supposed to be in the playroom
 
 kk
 
 already cancelled tutoring. 
 
 I go bed
 
 you get home
 
 need sleep
 
 sick. Sopha sick
 
 billy and saundra fevers
 
 its you....except you know
 
 not quite a prince lol :P
 
 applying to UofA Engineering School. they do have a Computer Engineering apparently
 
 but only 1 associated degree. lol
 
 520-270-9386
 
 2709386
 
 520-???-????
 
 cell phone number?
 
 okay. I have Brayden btw
 
 gettin ready to leave
 
 O can go if u watch kids
 
 do I need her insurance card thingy
 
 Walgreens rene before magic please
 
 where
 
 when
 
 Woot lol need you to pick up meds
 
 lol :) go me.. Imma get first. lol (hopefully
 
 Amazing Discoveries\nDon't forget to stop by tonight for the final night of Gatecrash League with Boros Night. The top 3 contestants are Michael Cash with 38
 
 Phillip Johnson with 34
 
 and Dana Rothstein with 32.\n
 
 I was supposed to today when he dropped off the baby but no baby so no gf
 
 No
 
 have you seen her yet?
 
 lol poor her. 
 
 At 21 not liely
 
 now.. for her to realize that she's too grown up for him. HAHA
 
 haha.. 
 
 hes at his gf house right now. Hes spent the night last night
 
 so hes in a good mood lol
 
 kk how 'thrilled is he?
 
 Kris is gonna do it. I just gotta drop the kids off with him at 1
 
 Kendra has school in the afternoon amber and mat cant watch one baby let alone adam. 
 
 Katey is getting a wisdom tooth pulled today.
 
 katey?
 
 any thoughts on anyone else to babysit?
 
 I could pick him up early but the appt is for Renes cooch. Its gonna be bad enough with billy
 
 saundra and sophia
 
 Nana is working
 
 Mikey is at school
 
 mom is at work and I cant get a hold of Kris
 
 Nana take rene?
 
 someone else pick adam up?
 
 I can do this
 
 I got to figure out how to babysit Kris' friends kid take Rene to a 1:30 appt and pick up adam at 2:35.
 
  Have to get food
 
 Just got discharged
 
 And im hubgry and tired
 
 I still gotta get her an antibiotics pick up kids get sometging to eat for lunch figure out dinner and im still waiting to be discharged
 
 Dork
 
 :'(  ok.....
 
 No im so tired and i havent even lrft the hospital yet. Atill waiting
 
 so.. magic tonight? :)  or no? :'(
 
 kk
 
 Gave her tylonol
 
 But no fever. Thats weird. 
 
 lol so.. she is kinda like me. sleep away the sick
 
 She has an ear infection and is apparently weird. No fevers just sleep
 
 Its just her sleeping she was awake and fussing a whole fourty minutes
 
 no pictures showy
 
 
 
 Hospitals suck holding soph bouncing and texting hard
 
 i need actual words
 
 ?
 
 Syck
 
 Hospirals sycj
 
 Nope jusokay gonba go talk to otger doctor
 
 no words
 
 Nope student doc looked at her and left 
 
 any updates?
 
 Shes awake now but cranky as hell
 
 At umc waiting on doc
 
 taking kids to kris picking up mom and going to hospita
 
 and shes out again
 
 and shes dozing in the high chair
 
 shes chugging her bottle but she wont eat
 
 got her half awake
 
 kk
 
 Thats what the doctor said they said give her another hour or two to sleep and theyd call back. If shes still sleeping then ill have to take her in. She might be tired but theres a bug going around too i guess that could be the problem
 
 did you cal the doctor?
 
 did they say something?
 
 kk
 
 if she doesnt wake up in an hour I have to take her to the emergency room
 
 kk
 
 If she doesnt wake up in the next hour im gonna call the doctor. She slept fine last night and yesterday
 
 Ok
 
 gettin ready to go to a mental health appointment
 
then go to tutoring
 
 I'd let it go. he was just grumpy witha bad day
 
 so tired
 
 there is not enough caffiene I had coffee and soda and IM still tired
 
 Or just let it go
 
 should I yell at him or have a "talk" when we get home
 
 hes also a large pain in my ass. All the children are
 
 Cause hes tired....
 
 he's not tired
 
 just cranky
 
 whiney
 
 and bitchy
 
 that I dont care if he's cranky
 
 he can deal with it
 
a nd you'll pick him up when school is oveer
 
 Pain in my butt i told you he was zombie today. Whatd you tell him
 
 that much of a fit I guess
 
 Ehy in helldid t hey let him call home if he slisnt sick
 
 ty :)
 
 If you caught my article on Monday you know that there is a SCG Super IQ taking place Saturday at Amazing Discoveries. You can find all of the details HERE. The format for this event is Standard and I couldn\u2019t be more excited. Standard is as diverse as it has been in a very long time. There is no one dominant deck with a bounty on its head. Several different decks are all battling for that number one spot.\n\nI thought I\u2019d take a moment today to discuss the metagame to help everyone prepare for the event. If you remember a few weeks ago I discussed testing (HERE). From those results
 
 I will be highlighting the current top six archetypes that we have determined. The decklist I will be providing for each is a recent high finisher and serves to highlight the shell of the archetype. I\u2019ll give a brief description of what I feel are the decks\u2019 strengths and weaknesses.\n\nWe\u2019ve got a lot to cover so let\u2019s get to it!\n\n \n\nNaya Blitz:\n\n4 Boros Elite\n4 Burning-Tree Emissary\n4 Champion of the Parish\n4 Experiment One\n4 Flinthoof Boar\n4 Frontline Medic\n1 Ghor-Clan Rampager\n4 Lightning Mauler\n4 Mayor of Avabruck\n3 Giant Growth\n4 Searing Spear\n4 Cavern of Souls\n1 Rootbound Crag\n4 Sacred Foundry\n4 Stomping Ground\n3 Sunpetal Grove\n4 Temple Garden\n\n\nSideboard:\n\n2 Fiend Hunter\n2 Nearheath Pilgrim\n3 Pacifism\n3 Boros Charm\n2 Gruul Charm\n3 Thalia
 
 Guardian of Thraben\n\n \n\nThis deck is designed to maximize its damage potential within the first four turns to kill the opponent as quickly as possible. There is a strong human theme that increases the synergy. Flinthoof Boar isn\u2019t a human but really brings the bacon (couldn\u2019t resist) as a 3/3 for two mana. This deck will usually take an opponent off guard and kill on turn three or four. However
 
 its weakness come from any sort of disruption or removal. If your opponent makes you stumble even slightly than they may be able to take control. On the flipside
 
 if they stumble at all you will win. I highly recommend this deck as I have been playing it for awhile now.\n\n \n\n\nUWR Flash:\n\n4 Augur of Bolas\n4 Boros Reckoner\n3 Restoration Angel\n3 Snapcaster Mage\n4 Azorius Charm\n1 Counterflux\n1 Harvest Pyre\n2 Izzet Charm\n3 Searing Spear\n3 Sphinx's Revelation\n1 Think Twice\n3 Thought Scour\n1 Unsummon\n2 Mizzium Mortars\n1 Island\n2 Mountain\n1 Plains\n4 Clifftop Retreat\n4 Glacial Fortress\n4 Hallowed Fountain\n1 Sacred Foundry\n4 Steam Vents\n4 Sulfur Falls\n\nSideboard:\n2 Tormod's Crypt\n2 Dispel\n3 Electrickery\n1 Negate\n3 Geist of Saint Traft\n2 Jace
 
 Memory Adept\n2 Supreme Verdict\n\n \n\nFormerly UW Flash now with the added flavor of Boros Reckoner and Harvest Pyre. The ability to fireball your own guy to kill your opponent is an interesting twist. This deck is very resilient and gives you a lot of choices. The ability to offer up lots of decisions is both its strength and weakness. You can very easily make the wrong choice and cost yourself the game or make all the right ones and bury your opponent in incremental card advantage. Because of this it has become a popular choice of high level pros.\n\n \n\n\nHumanimator:\n\n4 Angel of Glory's Rise\n3 Avacyn's Pilgrim\n4 Burning-Tree Emissary\n4 Fiend Hunter\n3 Huntmaster of the Fells\n4 Undercity Informer\n4 Grisly Salvage\n4 Faithless Looting\n3 Mulch\n4 Unburial Rites\n2 Blood Crypt\n4 Cavern of Souls\n2 Clifftop Retreat\n1 Overgrown Tomb\n1 Sacred Foundry\n3 Stomping Ground\n3 Sunpetal Grove\n3 Temple Garden\n4 Woodland Cemetery\n\nSideboard:\n4 Cathedral Sanctifier\n1 Centaur Healer\n3 Abrupt Decay\n2 Olivia Voldaren\n2 Sigarda
 
 Host of Herons\n3 Duress\n\n \n\nThe closest we will ever get to a true combo deck in Standard. This deck is terrifying if its engine gets going. Looking at the decklist it can be complicated to figure out. Let me summarize how it wins:\n\nStep 1: Fill its graveyard (Grisly Salvage
 
 Faithless looting
 
 Undercity Informer)\n\nStep 2: Unburial Rites targeting Angel of Glory\u2019s Rise
 
 resurrect all humans\n\nStep 3: Trigger all abilities; Have Fiend Hunter exile Angel of Glory\u2019s Rise
 
 gain two life and get a wolf with Huntmaster
 
 use the mana from Burning-Tree Emissary to sacrifice itself and Fiend Hunter to Undercity Informer (target yourself to fill up graveyard or opponent to mill them out)
 
 Fiend Hunter\u2019s leaves play ability returns Angel of Glory\u2019s Rise to the Battlefield. This returns all humans to the battlefield. Repeat this step until your opponent has no library or you have an absurd amount of life and 2/2 wolves.\n\nThis deck is fairly resilient as a midrange deck that happens to have a combo. It takes multiple graveyard hate cards to beat it. If you like complicated yet elegant combos then this may be the deck for you. Just make sure you have the order of operations correct so you don\u2019t screw up the combo.\n\n \n\n\nExperiment Jund:\n\n4 Burning-Tree Emissary\n3 Dreg Mangler\n4 Experiment One\n4 Falkenrath Aristocrat\n4 Flinthoof Boar\n4 Ghor-Clan Rampager\n2 Hellrider\n3 Mogg Flunkies\n3 Rakdos Cackler\n2 Abrupt Decay\n2 Searing Spear\n3 Dreadbore\n2 Forest\n1 Mountain\n4 Blood Crypt\n2 Dragonskull Summit\n4 Overgrown Tomb\n3 Rootbound Crag\n4 Stomping Ground\n2 Woodland Cemetery\n\nSideboard:\n1 Abrupt Decay\n2 Golgari Charm\n2 Rakdos Charm\n1 Searing Spear\n2 Olivia Voldaren\n1 Domri Rade\n2 Liliana of the Veil\n2 Duress\n2 Sever the Bloodline\n\n \n\nAnother deck that uses excellent threats to quickly kill your opponent. Hellrider and Falkenrath Aristocrat at the top of the curve serve as excellent finishers. In contrast to the Blitz deck
 
 Experiment Jund plays colors that possess better forms of removal. Abrupt Decay and Dreadbore allow flexibility to deal with multiple threats (creatures
 
 planeswalkers
 
 etc). The mana can be tricky as you don\u2019t get the assuredness of Cavern of Souls but the overall power level more than makes up for it.\n\n \n\n\nEsper Control:\n\n4 Augur of Bolas\n2 Restoration Angel\n2 Snapcaster Mage\n4 Azorius Charm\n2 Devour Flesh\n2 Dissipate\n1 Psychic Spiral\n4 Sphinx's Revelation\n4 Think Twice\n1 Tribute to Hunger\n1 Ultimate Price\n1 Planar Cleansing\n4 Supreme Verdict\n1 Terminus\n1 Island\n1 Plains\n4 Drowned Catacomb\n1 Ghost Quarter\n4 Glacial Fortress\n2 Godless Shrine\n4 Hallowed Fountain\n4 Isolated Chapel\n3 Nephalia Drownyard\n3 Watery Grave\n\nSideboard:\n1 Witchbane Orb\n2 Angel of Serenity\n2 Blind Obedience\n1 Dispel\n1 Negate\n2 Psychic Strike\n1 Ultimate Price\n2 Jace
 
 Memory Adept\n2 Duress\n1 Planar Cleansing\n\n \n\nThe most traditional of all the control decks currently in Standard. Designed to deal with all
 
 literally all
 
 of your opponents\u2019\u2019 threats and then mill them out over many turns with Nephalia Drownyard. Filled with tons of removal to deal with everything your opponents\u2019 can throw at you. It even plays one of my favorite cards from the last few months in Planar Cleansing. If you enjoy playing long rounds of Magic and destroying all of your opponents\u2019\u2019 threats while they slowly die to Drownyards then this is the deck for you.\n\n \n\n \n\n\nWolf Run Bant:\n\n3 Augur of Bolas\n1 Centaur Healer\n4 Restoration Angel\n4 Thragtusk\n2 Detention Sphere\n4 Azorius Charm\n2 Dissipate\n4 Sphinx's Revelation\n2 Think Twice\n2 Geist of Saint Traft\n4 Farseek\n3 Supreme Verdict\n4 Breeding Pool\n4 Glacial Fortress\n4 Hallowed Fountain\n3 Hinterland Harbor\n2 Kessig Wolf Run\n1 Sacred Foundry\n1 Steam Vents\n2 Sunpetal Grove\n4 Temple Garden\n\nSideboard:\n2 Witchbane Orb\n2 Centaur Healer\n3 Rhox Faithmender\n1 Counterflux\n2 Negate\n1 Gisela
 
 Blade of Goldnight\n1 Garruk Relentless\n2 Jace
 
 Memory Adept\n1 Terminus\n\n \n\nA slightly more proactive control deck than Esper
 
 Wolf Run Bant runs a control suite backed up by Kessig Wolf Run. Wolf Run allows all of your creatures the potential to be lethal in the late game. Bant plays more creatures than Esper and has the ability to gain back lost life through Thragtusk and Centaur Healer. This would be my preferred form of control deck should I choose to play control.\n\n \n\n\nThere\u2019s an overview of the Standard metagame as it now sits. The format can be a quick one. When playing make sure that you don\u2019t stumble on mana or spells as it is far too important to always be doing something to affect the board. If your opponents stumble than make them pay for it. I hope to see all of you at the Super IQ this Saturday. If you are planning on playing make sure to say high. You should also consider writing an article about your Super IQ experience as we are having a contest.\n\nAmazingmtg.com is proud to introduce its 1st writing contest!\n\nThis Saturday is the SCG Super IQ and we are looking for entertaining tournament reports. If you are planning on attending then you should write us a tournament report. Two winners will be selected out of the submissions we receive to be featured on Amazingmtg.com. Winners receive $25 in store credit and exposure on the website.\n\n Send your submissions to amazingmtgwriters@hotmail.com no later than Midnight on Tuesday March 12th. Winning articles will be featured on March 14th/15th.\n\n \n\nUntil next time
 
 may all your sevens be Snap Keeps!\n\nJeffrey McCoy
 
 :)
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/snap3713  can you copy this article
 
 and email or message it to me please?
 
 well thats good I gues
 
 Lol
 
 called amazing discovery
 
 they have 4 vexing devils
 
 (the not 12$ ones) lol
 
 but you know...without the l
 
 you know what I have to say to you? L:P
 
 uh huh uh huh
 
  And a salad
 
 Had to do a quick one
 
 so in have n piece if pizza atty the bowling alley
 
 imma kick your butt
 
 are you out to lunch again?
 
 Kk
 
 I found adam tricare stuff dont know if its what you were looking for but put it infront of the computer desk
 
 Iim soooo tired
 
 Also I would like for someone to come clean for me and for snuggles while I fall asleep
 
 I have urge to watch naughty things
 
 then do naughty things then sleep for three days
 
 normally shes all no go home no want home no home 
 
 which is fn weird for saundra
 
 lol
 
 Billy was trying to convince me to go to the mall and she was like NOOOO HOME NOW
 
 we left and for the first time ever she was screaming that we need to go back home
 
 also wtf with saundra
 
 why do I have kids? they are mean and wont let me nap
 
 I wanna nap
 
 kk mwah
 
 dont make me think
 
 im tired
 
 whatever
 
 loaf*
 
 bet we can get the kids to eat it. (like the breakfast bars we made)
 
 yumm... cornbread dinner loag type stuff. 
 
 lol so having some on hand would help. 
 
 im lazy about cooking
 
 I like corn bread but I never make anything
 
 what about corn bread?
 
 so there
 
 we do
 
 outside is empty
 
 i doubt that.. 
 
 we have plenty
 
 because we might as well stock back to full since we have the money
 
 and its on sale again
 
 how many of each?
 
 and some corn
 
 we have potatoes and mixed veggies and peas and green beans
 
 not really
 
 we have like potatoes only I thought
 
 and 10.80$ for a 24 box case of corn bread mix
 
 dont we have canned veggies
 
 50 cent canned veggies
 
 'lol
 
 k go check frys
 
 I have the quest card though
 
 I guess. I have no clue whats on there. I couldnt szoom and Im like eh
 
 so... want me to buy some of those tonight after tutoring
 
 lol
 
 \\your a pain
 
 seriously?
 
 you couldnt just tell me to look at frys
 
 sent you an email
 
 Also im fuck of pregnant
 
 Getting my blood drawed then off to hospital. Yay me. 
 
 Ive been in the van. Or the black van. The day i drove the caddi i didbt even go out on the street
 
 been awhile?
 
 lmao
 
 ive never felt shorter or more terrified of being run over
 
 kk
 
 It be easier then the huge van in hospital parjing
 
 keys in car
 
 or.. attached to that swiss army knfe
 
 running(ish) yes
 
 Is the nissa running/the keys here?
 
 yep 
 
 lol
 
 WTF!  I pay
 
 then they bill after I pay.. no wonder I was confused
 
 02/04/2013 Bill $91.24   $91.16 \n02/04/2013 Payment -$105.00   -$0.08 \n02/04/2013 Late Payment Fee $1.74   $104.92 \n
 
 so I have eleticity they did the same thing to mom
 
 so I just paid it
 
 Uh huh not the point the point is they are being ass faces
 
 is because it dropped the monthly bill after I paid.  ON THE SAME DAY!
 
 the only reason it says we are late
 
 go look at payment history. 
 
 if you look under bill pay records or whtever the amount due this month is 180 something. 90 from last month 900 forom this month
 
 and the site says we didnt pay last month either
 
 its what the pink peice of paper in front of me from tep says
 
 that is notw hat the site says. 
 
 and they will shut it off on th 12 if we dont pay it. its only 90 bucks
 
 we never paid last months. When we paid it with the pay from taxes we paid the month before but not februarys
 
 TEP was not delingquent
 
 what power bill
 
 ? what power bill?
 
 Also I paid the power bill cause it was delinquent
 
 YOUR INSANE
 
 SERIOUSLY
 
 and tequila
 
 or.. lots of vodka
 
 lemonade. lol all we need is a little squeazy thing and make kids do it. lol
 
 you ordered 40 lbs of lemons?
 
 heres what I ordere last night
 
 Arizona - Pickup Mar 8 (where noted) or Mar 9
 
 2013 Conventional 1 $15.00 $15.00 \nArizona - Pickup Mar 8 (where noted) or Mar 9
 
 2013 Lemons - Approx 40 lb from California 1 $15.00 $15.00 \n
 
  Bathung saundra is pike bathing a cat. 
 
 At least she doesnt look as bad as I thought she did
 
 the poof went down for the most part so its not so horrible
 
 Imm off gtg get mom and adam
 
 Kk
 
 which reminds me I need to trim saundras nails
 
 although my arms have some red marks
 
 upside no ones bleeding
 
 Third ifs ridiculous
 
 Grrr
 
 we took a bath. Saundra now has a busted lip and Sopha cried for 20 minutes cause she got knocked over into the water
 
 my tummy is sad
 
  When you get home adam needs a talk about how standing infront of the door to the cafeteria waiting for me to leave is not ok
 
 mwah. l8r
 
 &lt;3
 
 I gtg get kids ttyl
 
 even if I wanted to
 
 everything was flagged
 
 no I haven't done anything
 
 wow I just girl talked myself into confusion
 
 and its okay im mad cuas you did do something stupid or something...idk
 
 which I guess answers my questino
 
 possibly people do that. but that doesnt answer my question
 
 Most of the ads were already marked for removal. It was funny
 
 I think someone flagged every add on Craiglist personals. lol
 
 Is it entirely hormones that Im mad at yu because I assume you not only looked at the adds but either hooked up with or attempted/are attempting to hook up with the women from the adds?
 
 kk
 
 970 total ish
 
 and before the 350
 
 before the 140
 
 so 480
 
 so add 20ish
 
 insurance will be that 140
 
 so 460 ish
 
 155
 
 166
 
 140
 
 
 
 I know tmobile was only like 166 cause it texted me
 
 the bills werent that much right?
 
 fingers crossed
 
 for them to take half paymrent
 
 nad hopefully we are still positive
 
 cause they are stupid you would think it would be easier
 
 then pay the mortgage
 
 and I'm going to wait till after the Insurance money comes out first
 
 so you have todo it on the phone
 
 (half payments are 'grrr''') by them
 
 I have to call for the mortgage
 
 and house
 
 gas phone cox unsurance
 
 as I dont actually remember what I put on the list
 
 is that everything on the list?\n
 
 insurnace will automatically come out on Friday
 
 Ok
 
 gas phone cox done house have to call
 
 Wright123
 
 no 5202709386
 
 Wright1123
 
 tmobile login?
 
 I go on craigslist to troll ther personals and all the casual encounters are purple from your clicking. If you are doing shit behind my back you better stop or Ill beat your ass. Ill sit on you till you suffocate. Im too lazy right now to actually stalk you and find out
 
 but I always do eventually so....watch yourself mister. &lt;3
 
 ?
 
 your such  a perve btw
 
 too small for you huh
 
 :D uh huh 
 
 cox done
 
 lol I mean he has girly hands. :P
 
 handle an....axe...;)
 
 btw your post on my brothers fb...just sounded really gay
 
 ok
 
 gas done
 
 insurance\nphones\ncox
 
 Gas 
 
 House
 
 Message me that again
 
 then text  so it's waiting when i get to work gabber to pick up socks for pt (white)
 
 cox
 
 house gas insurance phones
 
 did you pay the bills?
 
 mom\nsorry I was typing on my phone and with the shakey dizzy its fucking hard on a touch screen lol\n
 
 nok?
 
 I plN on seeing if nok can do ut b hi t it night take a bit
 
 He doesnt have to be here till three and youll be home usually by like four four thirty\nAnd hour hour and a half not gonna kill him
 
 Kris was planning on having his 'no kid' date tomorrow. that s probably why he's bitchy
 
 Im stuck.in the fucking kitchen caus im to shaky dizzy to walk. This is bs
 
 Grr one thing then anither
 
 fucking a
 
 shes probably teething again
 
 shes been crying in her crib for fourty minutes so I brought her out and she cried on the floor
 
 Sopha is in a mood
 
 I really need to get my blood drawn tomorrow to but Ill have to figure something else out cause he was all whiney
 
 kk
 
 I have an appt at 3:45
 
 ? kk
 
 90
 
 tends to be the max allotted anymore
 
 So Kris is gonna babysit tomorrow afternon
 
 how m;uch you put in? 75$?
 
 lol
 
 the van was like REEEEAAAAALLLTY out of gas. I stalled like three times on the way to frys
 
 &lt;3 :D
 
 it actually shwoed up
 
 lol cute
 
 
 
 and probably another bag of garbage off your nightstand lol
 
 so youve got two containers plus two bags of garbage plus recycling to take out
 
 cause its making me want to kill him and it hurts to bend
 
 which I dont want to do but I cant keep cleaning up the damn garbage/poop/vomit
 
 Or just shut him out
 
 which is really stupi9d
 
 if that doesnt work im gonna have to take out the garbage everytime I have to leave the house
 
 cause if he has a collar and the damn side gate is shut so he cant get into the kids part with the easy exit gate and the door is open then hopefully he wont run off but he also wont make as big a mess
 
 yeah I need to get one
 
  Err can try but he needs s collsr first
 
 I watched him when I locked him out a second ago. He leaned up on the wall and the fence but the didnt try to jump them and the gate is about a foot shorter except the wooblys parts
 
 How do you know it'd the gate
 
 I can leave the door open and maye he wont fuck up so much
 
 so in theory if we make the gate bigger
 
 I think hes jumping the gate not the fence or wall
 
 imma kill im
 
 fucking dog got into the damn garbage again
 
 Okay gtg ttyle
 
 so that should be done his week
 
 Jim says he might be able to come over and do the dry wall
 
 I have most of the house cleaner then Cheris or Michelles so Im not overly worried but since im at it anyways Id like the bedrooms clean too since I want sophie to switch rooms after her birthday
 
 We are gonna have Rene and Sophia's birthday at our house so I need to get it cleaned up
 
 you need to get the garbage and dishes out of there though
 
 Started cleaning up the bathroom and kinda followed and ended up picking up the clothes found two clean work shirts and about five pairs of sox buried in that pile so the work shirts oare on the box and the socks are in your drawer with random other clothes I shoved in there
 
 ?
 
 Btw your an idiot
 
 fuck
 
 its hot out there
 
 I dont wanna go outside to get the kids
 
 yeah its on the couch
 
 do you know where we put the notebook I bought for work?
 
 no you had two in here and I was going to put them away but I never end up getting around to cleaning off the desk
 
 I'm sorry.. I thought i put that one I'm the kitchen
 
 so now I have a wet couch and wet pillows
 
 they just one of your half empty teas and dumped it on the couch and then tried to cover it up by putting pillows on it
 
 I dont know what is wrong with them
 
 damn kids
 
 I might have a stroke
 
 Kk
 
 oh yeah and you need to take out the recycling
 
 laundry nother load in tada
 
 bathroom floors bleached bum bum
 
 not effective
 
 I'm sorry hun smack em
 
 stupid heads
 
 Kids are pissing me off
 
 but anywhere from ethe ac closet to the "intake vent" which fuck if I know
 
 and according to the interwebs it can be in the house
 
 but I dont feel like looking right now
 
 I dont remember seeing a place to put one out there
 
 the AC filter is normally in the AC unit
 
 and I have this huge list of shit to finish before the kiddos show and my ability to do it/time to do it keeps shrinking so IM busting ass
 
 and no I feel like shit but this shit needs to be done
 
 I replaced the furnace filter but I havent got a damn clue where or what size etc the ac filter is
 
 and figure out where in hell an ac filter goes for the house
 
 help me sort kids clothes
 
 get bookshelves etc from moms porch and wipe them down
 
 take out garbage
 
 Saundras room
 
 So your to do list
 
 take the dresser from billys room and use it for the babies clothes
 
 I found two book cases and a bookcase dressery thing on moms porch so once you get saundras room finished we can put those in the kids closets to get their clothes up off the floor
 
 now I got to clean sophies clothes sort them all out
 
 you take speed todya?
 
 got two loads of laundry done
 
 cleaned the carpet and couch in the "other" living room
 
 Got the toilets cleaned and blue stuff in them
 
 some\nbeen screaming at kids most of morning\n
 
 you eat yet?
 
 ttl
 
 kk
 
 but other days hell eat three bowls of cereal a bit of lunch and a decent din ner so fuck only knows.
 
 well off to meeting.. 
 
 this morning he was like fuck you breakfast
 
 Yesterday he ate breakfast
 
 came home ate more breakfast ate no lunch and had to have me tell him to take bites of the burger
 
 hes eating dinner somedays
 
 snack
 
 it really depends on the day
 
 no he eats like three bites of school food now
 
 he's not even hungry at school?
 
 hence me saying fuck it and dropping him off atthe cafeteria at school then standing outside the door for ten minutes until he stiopped trying to leave the cafeteria
 
 you do realize that repeat method is a brick wall with him. lol
 
 repeat
 
 nooooo 
 
 then die
 
 I dont want to eat
 
 then eat
 
 I dont want to die
 
 Im like you dont eat you die
 
 I asked him why he was being like that He was like I dont know
 
 I dont want to eat.
 
 this is ridiculous with him
 
 looks like we have to get those damn drinks again. 
 
 im morwe worried about adam fuckinmg pasdsingf out ffrom nit weatung
 
 eat something.. and I think I'mjust going to take Rene's backpack away for a couple days. until she realizes what is and is not acceptable to keep in her backpack
 
 Lol Im pregnant with twins have a two.five story house to clean
 
 two pain in the ass 3/4 year olds a 6 year old who wont fucking eat and a 5 year old who wants to live out of her backpack. I havent had breakfast yet Im sweating and I tired I have three loads of laundry to do six to put away and Im tired. No I am not ok\n
 
 youok?
 
 Goooood mornin
 
 also your a poopoo head
 
 Not hone yet lol
 
 ooh haha so I dont have to cookj?
 
 On way home
 
 guess id better start cooking huh lol
 
 it seemed like a good thought also im fucking hungry
 
 I dont know
 
 ?
 
 penis and vagina
 
 thats not gonna work to well
 
 I still havent made dinner
 
 ITS 4....
 
 bed
 
 I dont know wtf is wrong with them
 
 and saundra wont stop crying
 
 adam got out of the van sat on the ground and refused to move because he was "tired" when I told him to go to bed then he lost his mind billy wants to be in the living room b ut wont sit
 
 child evil e3vil children
 
 kk
 
 draft is at 7:30
 
 there were two sections... for tonight
 
 for the draft
 
 or the regular FNM?
 
 6
 
 can't go to that site  at work
 
 what time is FNM tnight?
 
 . lol
 
 ranchers reserve 6 buckers
 
 yeah I bought them this morning they are just little steaks 
 
 are they thawed?
 
 which is my least favorite kind cause its like I dont feel horrible but I feel just icky enough I want to be lazy
 
 cause im headachy tired
 
 but I also dont want to move
 
 and I wants to eat them
 
 I got steak and potatoes
 
 lol
 
 you gonna come home and cook me steak and mashed potatoes
 
 im just grr head hurts wanna be lazy
 
 and im tired but im not like horrible sick
 
 but I dont know  my head is fuzzy
 
 thats why I ask!
 
 GRRRRRR
 
 whatever
 
 FNM tonight
 
 or Legacy tournament tomorrow?
 
 uh huh
 
 lol
 
 meany
 
 and Im like yeah
 
 ill go get him 
 
 and hes like grrrr fine be like that
 
 and I was like okay well thought Id ask cause my head is all boom heady
 
 I was like please I would like and he was like no
 
 haha I got Kris to pick her up. I even was nice about it
 
 and my tummy is still mad at my mouth for the ice cubes
 
 yelling makes my head hurt more
 
 but but I dont wanna
 
 confused...
 
 umm.. working....
 
 lol
 
 you gonna pick up pain in the ass adam? 
 
 there is a child or two in my uterus with switchblades
 
 inside to outside
 
 ?
 
 Im getting cutted
 
 you know for a living and shit
 
 by people who cut hair
 
 I want to get my hair cut
 
 but im cold
 
 the kids seem fine
 
 I dont know it says it is 73 but I feel like its 60 
 
 it is cold in here
 
 how is it cold?
 
 and my mouth wants more ice cubes
 
 and my tummy is sad
 
 its fucking cold
 
 so now they are arguing
 
 but my mouth wanted them
 
 then it gets angry with me for eating them in the first place
 
 ice cubes make me happy but they make my tummy sad
 
 I dont feel good
 
 have fun
 
 well off to meeting. 
 
 feed babies. 
 
 :P
 
 every pound :(
 
 cause it makes me weight more and all I keep thinking is thats ten more minutes working out come august
 
 brain sad?
 
 lol
 
 but it makes my brain sad
 
 itsw good and makes my tummy happy
 
 lol
 
 really a lot
 
 I like food right now
 
 now I having seafood salad and crackers
 
 had some for breakyfast
 
 and te wheat berries make you happy. good nutrition
 
 lol
 
 you cant hear that and be cranky
 
 I think its cause I caught a mash up this morning on the radio of the twist
 
 wipeout
 
 run around sue
 
 good golly miss molly
 
 and great balls of fire
 
 im in a REEEEAAALLLYY good mood
 
 you know despite you being you know...you and the kids being whiner asses and having to go to the store this morning...
 
 Cause yoi lie...a lot
 
 Yes it is and i dobt believe you
 
 and a full tank in the Cadi
 
 I'm at about a  half tank in the nissan
 
 and I'm assuming the van is running low?
 
 all the fun
 
 non of the pricetags. lol
 
 not paying nayone. lol I keep pushing the little buttons
 
 so they back off. lol
 
 Stop offering money to people. We dont have money. We need to pay the morgage and the utilities and get gas in the cars and the car insurance we dont have money for hookers. Stop spending mony on hookers for the tenth time this week. Not that you listen....
 
 ?
 
 You make me crazy you know. Nuts. You drive me up a wall and right into the loony bin
 
 ran out of milk
 
 ok better with milk sugar and blackberries
 
 What did you think of the wheat berries
 
 two servings of that wheat stuff a clam shell of blackberries two chocolate bars the rest of the box of cookies an orange and im still hungry
 
 but I hate fredo and had a whole bag of tortellini for lunch with spinach
 
 and fredo
 
 im making the kids noodles
 
  me I feed the kids and raid the fridge over and over and im still hungry
 
 For who?
 
 why is there never enough food
 
 fod
 
 im offended
 
 well seriously
 
 Haha 
 
  youd think youd speak nikki by now
 
 duh
 
 sammiches (cuase I want chicken sammich)
 
 monkeys (because thats what I always say)
 
 everyones a cunt 
 
 cunts monkeys sammiches. 
 
 ???
 
 c unts monkeys sammiches'
 
 haha
 
 Both sides of Mt mouth hurt now
 
 have fun
 
 insane
 
 im sitting here
 
 whatever 
 
 la la la la la la la la la la laaaaaaaaaa
 
 Heading to tutoring
 
 ?
 
 I guess its la not na
 
 its in my head
 
 smurf song
 
 ?
 
 nanananananananaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
 
 whiney little shit
 
 but I swatted his butt as he walked by
 
 it wasnt even a proper spank
 
 if Id actually hit him I might be more understanding
 
 Im just irritated that adams telling me Im not allowed to yell/swat him
 
 sorta thing
 
 it was more a ive told you fifteen times today dont make me ay it again
 
 she fussed
 
 did they wake her up?
 
 Adam ran screaming up the stairs after Billy while Sophia is sleeping so when they came down stairs I yelled at them and popped em both on the butt. Adam turned around crying and yelled at me that "im not supposed to do that" Thats his newest thing
 
 Im not supposed to swat him. Which of course leads to me telling him that Im the mother and hes the kid and when he acts like a bozo I get to swat him. 
 
 evil bastards.
 
 ?
 
 gdmother fucking children
 
 
 
 id have him do it but hes kinda leotarded about that kind of thing
 
 so his door is permanently shut until its cleaned
 
 it makes me throw up
 
 but preggo nose cant stand it
 
 I dont even know what it smells like
 
 It smells
 
 ?
 
 kk?
 
 I cant even be in the hallway when he opens the door
 
 you have to clean adams room tonight
 
 there is not enough caffiene in the universe
 
 Just want tosleep but xat 
 
 Not really i tried ibruprofen nd i had a cup a mibute ago. I locked the kifs ib their rooms for np tiome abd in watcging dr who
 
 or coffee. 
 
 something small for the migraine?
 
 dont we have IB profen or something?
 
 probably migraine
 
 Ii cant tell if its the bump or a migraine or both
 
 my head hurts its making me nauseous pukey
 
 ?
 
 vomit death grr
 
 puke
 
 sent you photo on phone of saundras nose
 
 tired head going boom boom boom fix
 
 num num
 
 spinach and cheese tortellini with cheese and sgetti sauce
 
 spinach too mmm
 
 I forgot I bout that a few months ago
 
 mm tortellini
 
 jeez im fn starving ima go try to raid the fridge
 
 I really fucked myself up last night
 
 im still dizzy and nausous from my head
 
 :P
 
 i hunger
 
 and lunch
 
 and a thneed
 
 all of it
 
 yes 
 
 jewels
 
 alcohol
 
 houses. lol
 
 you owe me so many things
 
 mwah :D
 
 thats some bs
 
 so I have been preggo 11.5 months
 
 so thats what 20.5 months
 
 no wait youve been here that long
 
 one year and 8.5 months
 
 Ive been pregnant for...
 
 why am I pregnant? I hate being pregnant
 
 talk about a pain in the sick butts
 
 I think the nearest one is at moms
 
 also why would I pack up the kids and drive to pabnda xpress fo rlunch
 
 Im so ridiculously excited. you know you are an adult when lol
 
 SHAKE BOOTY
 
 SHAKE BOOTY
 
 lol
 
 DO A LITTLE DANCE
 
 I HAVE INSURANCE!!!! 
 
 Guess what?
 
 I think its all just allergies
 
 too much mucas running down their throats giving them all upset tummys
 
 friggin kids
 
 who knows
 
 but I dont know if its a bruise it doenst wash off but it doesnt seem to hurt her either
 
 shes got like purplish bruise spots down her nose
 
 idk
 
 its speckled
 
 also wtf happened to saundras nose
 
 poor sophas so congested
 
 she sneezes and her face is attacked with boogers
 
 cause I want a sammich
 
 and tomatos
 
 and bread
 
 kk
 
 and more milk
 
 we need more for the sopha
 
 we are out of soy milk
 
 4 and 6Th for me gotta see if i can get a babysitter. 
 
 I have an appointment next week on the 7t
 
 and the week after on the 11th
 
 Which means i need to get my blood drawn this weekend
 
 Sono monday at one appt wed at like three i think
 
 Your daughter just trujed off computer. We need to move that plug. Well between my weekly calls
 
 the docs weekly calls and the hospital calling and the three resolutions sent in lol
 
 guess em talking to them was the final straw. lol
 
 time
 
 about fucking tie. 
 
 IM SO EXCITED
 
 UNTIL FEBRUARY 2014!!!
 
 I HAVE INSURANCE
 
  cranky little bastards I dont feel good hold me
 
 I dont want to listen to you and sit on the couch
 
 cranky cranky children of doom
 
 also i feel like poo and im hungry
 
 documented truth
 
 no those things are lies
 
 lo weirdo
 
 its all lies
 
 it doesnt taste nummy and they arent gonna give money to no one
 
 and I dont want panda
 
 I has no email
 
 and want panda. 
 
 in case you get hungry today. 
 
 sent you an email on yahoo. 
 
 kk
 
 not that I have noticed
 
 from tricare?
 
 we still haven't gotten anything in the mail for adam have we?
 
 Adams necks a little poofy but hes fine
 
 Billys a little stuffed up
 
 so is Soph
 
 I dont know why Saundra is death
 
 Saundra is still sleeping and when I went to wak eher up she just started scream/crying. 
 
 So adam might not make it to school today
 
 Kk on way home now
 
 Getting food then home
 
 Just got out of hospital. 
 
 well there goes tutoring. damn hosptial. (not you..) those dumbasses for taking so long
 
 kk
 
 Im still stuck here fn hungry craping and annoyed
 
 Kris has kids 
 
 why? whats up?
 
 not off work yet. finishing up. probably like 10-20
 
 You off work call kris
 
 No leak waiting on std test now
 
 keep me updated.. 
 
 Its like forver and a day waiting
 
 Yeppers/if i have infection
 
 now just waiting to see if you are leaking?
 
 so the kiddos are fine. 
 
 Ive been swabbed for amniotic fluid and stds and infections ive been ultrasounded (steady heartbeats) and now im waiting on the swab/pee results
 
 Just leaving for lunch
 
 Just left house
 
 
 
halfway 
 
 or the doc?
 
 you at home?
 
 K
 
 kk keep me updated hun
 
 Still leaking
 
 ?
 
     I gtg get checjef
 
 Fycj
 
 I feel like crap bow moms drivibg
 
 if you feel like crap then I wont go
 
 its only a Legacy tournament
 
 
 
 depending on how you feel on Saturday
 
 theres a magic tournament. 
 
 Ok
 
 reember I have tutoring today and tomorrow. 
 
 no clue. lol
 
 Gene
 
 what uncles?
 
 :P :P :P
 
 joes.. again. I want joes. :P
 
 Fine were joes My uncles in town
 
 ho0w were the kids
 
 mornin
 
 if the insurance is still stupid
 
 thanks I really dont want to cook but we probably shouldnt be blowing any more money then necessary since this wednesday can be rescheduled but next wednesday i need at least 90 dollars for that appt
 
 Kk
 
 tater tots
 
 not french fries
 
 Can you pick something up on your way home? At least pick up tartar sauce abd french fries and ill make fish sticks 
 
 Actually not horrible ichelle even picked her up and is dropping her off after diner
 
 Fun
 
 down one kid
 
 forgot rene was going to mich the bitches today
 
 Kids
 
 ?
 
 Grr
 
  Ots of em
 
 We have blackberry and oranges
 
 bountiful baskets extras
 
 Blackberry - 12 - 6 oz clamshells - $14.25 ea
 
 Navel Oranges - 40 lb $14.00 ea\n
 
 mwah*
 
 wah
 
 ttyl
 
 I gotta leave in like 15
 
 I gtg get ready to get the brats.
 
 ordering it costs more money
 
 lol
 
 picking it up
 
 ordering it? or picking up?
 
 im too fucking tired and cranky right now
 
 id buy dinner lol
 
 I wish I had your $$$$ that you stoled
 
 cause putting them in their rooms so I can scream at them every time they come up or down the stairs is very useful....NOT
 
 your fucking funny
 
 then go to magic
 
 then I come home
 
 beat them. 
 
 first time they open their mouths
 
 . bed
 
 today can suck my dick
 
 so to reitterate
 
 Ive been screamed at
 
 yelled at
 
 painted on
 
 im still uninsured
 
 I feel like crap and I get to go get yelled at somemore and screamed at some more in about 25 minutes
 
 damn des
 
 so thats fuckign useless once again
 
 I called DES again
 
 "it should have gone through already ill send an email"
 
 Ive ordered a new bank card it will take a week to get here
 
 this is entirely your fault
 
 you should be
 
 well I'm sorry. :P
 
 cause your at work and not picking up kids or beating kids or rubbing my back
 
 ?
 
 also you suck
 
 can we go back to bed and start the day over
 
 fucking bullshit today is
 
 grrr I hate hormones
 
 they dont help anything now im crying cranky and owie
 
 today is just not a good day
 
 I hope im feeling better in an hour or pcking up the brats is going to be a fucking ordeal from hell
 
 fucking dumbass children
 
 Im half tempted to pick them up now and just say fuck it and throw them all in their rooms but...they shouldnt miss school and its not going to help me at all
 
 I dont feel good
 
 Ive been cramping all morning and they pick today to be assholes
 
 Im about to lose my mind
 
 fucking pain in my ass children
 
 I got tudes and stupidity coming out the ying yang
 
 yeah not funny
 
 lol kids in troubleeeeee
 
 and I have to leave in a fucking hour with dumb and dumber to go pick up dumbest and dumbester
 
 bathed kids
 
 cleaned up mess
 
 yet ANOTHER load of laundry in the washer
 
 thank god its that washable paint
 
 no Im not in a good mood
 
 Fucking kids decided that the proper response to me doing a load of laundry was to cover the playroom floor in pain
 
 no
 
 in a better mood?
 
 i was lost
 
 cause it sounded like you were saying garnished/it hadnt been removed from your account yet
 
 I was confused
 
 yes
 
 make more sense?
 
 bu hasn't hit the Star Card account yet
 
 garnished
 
 youll have to explain when and where the money is coming from because IM CONFUSED. are you saying we have another 380 paid off the star card that came directly from your pay before you got it (like garnished) or that they somehow took 380 from your accoutn?
 
 bu we have another 380ish $ going into the Star card
 
 well that makes sense I gues
 
 ah
 
 but that is why we have been short
 
 hasn't hit the account yet
 
 looks like since we didn't pay the star card for so long
 
 they tood 380$ out of this months pay to send them
 
 and luckily the house is only 347 this time around
 
 its just house and utilities coming out on the first 
 
 ok
 
 getting 1100$ on the 1st
 
 and rene and adam needed a swift kick ijn the ass also
 
 she needs to be smacked. 
 
 adam "yeah I dont want to go to school eeever." they were convinced if they never go t dressed they wouldnt have to go and saudndra was screaming cause she not only was forced to use the upstairs potty i made her flush it and that just started a never ending flood of tears that still hasnt stopped
 
 Rene "I dont want to get dressed I dont want to go to school im never gonna waaaaaa"
 
 how did they both have a tude?
 
 Saundra screamed since you left till screaming rene tude adam tude didnt leave house till eight fifteen
 
 y bad morning?
 
 Notright now just got home bad morning
 
 Minimum payment due on 03/16/2013  $45.00   (VS)
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/Snap22513  can you go to this and copy and paste it into a message for me so I can read it please. 
 
 just got kids to bad morning?
 
 Just got kids to bad mornibg
 
 Uhuh theuf 
 
 I forgot I had it
 
 but I forgot to take it out
 
 until you started rantig on FB 
 
 I'm not gonna use it.
 
 whatever you F'n gave ti to me. 
 
 Stealing
 
 damn
 
 no stealing
 
 you gave it to me last night
 
 and I forgot to take itout of my wallet
 
 he fuck
 
 seriously
 
 you stole my money
 
 Fb sure
 
 Psy attention
 
 Hey
 
 &lt;3
 
 Night
 
 William added me in fb. You should log into myaccount and hide the non child friendly frim him
 
 http://youtu.be/tyufouJ9t0E
 
 http://www.mommyliciousmaternity.com/collections/sexy-sleepwear
 
 so that would be a bitch
 
 granted dom probably has one I can borrow but hes never home
 
 I contemplated putting the wall cups in but we dont have a drill
 
 Got the new gate up
 
 but Im probably going to make you fiddle with it or IM going to fiddle with it more later
 
 You call?
 
 or 2
 
 meal
 
 Of
 
 Number
 
 supreme chalupas
 
 Txt
 
 I'm in the taco bell drive thru
 
 whatcha want
 
 Im hungry again
 
 well its true
 
 :p
 
 so there
 
 and maybe3 you shou8ld have come to bed earlier and had sex last night instead of staying up watching porn...
 
 lying lying lying
 
 it twlls me its warm in here but its lying
 
 I dont agree with it
 
 our heater works
 
 at least your not cold like Katey. lol 
 
 my joints are popping out and its cold and im tired and horny and grr
 
 grumpy
 
..... grrr day at work
 
 what?
 
 grr
 
 and can't exactly sex from work. HAHA :
 
 and I need caffeine. 
 
 My knee hurts from the weather
 
 the March 15th budget doesnt effect me at the moment
 
 let me think
 
 damn
 
 been busy
 
 wow way to ignore half of everything
 
 thinking or ordering them on my lunch break
 
 (or.. get them now
 
 and balance money out on the first. 
 
 as of the 1st
 
 
 
 k. so that will mean that we can the rotors and brakes on the van
 
 also SEX
 
 also this weather is killing me
 
 so that should leave you five hundred for whatever the hell you needed it for
 
 so thats 813.00 
 
 ill pay water
 
 150 star card
 
 200 insurance
 
 116.00 gas
 
 347 house
 
 which you said that we only need to pay 347 on house so
 
 mar 15th budget\n300.00 electric\n200.00 tmobile\n300.00 vs\n
 
 mar first budget \n890.00 house \n150 gas\n200 insurance\n150 star card\n100 water\n160 save\n
 
 Im tired
 
 ?
 
 Aldo shhhhh
 
 Shhhhg
 
 what does that have to do with sneaking?
 
 Cause i was hungry....
 
 why are you sneaking?\n
 
 Yes 
 
 sneaking?
 
 Sneaking
 
 Idk
 
 tempted to buy the brake parts on the Capital One card
 
... but we just got that paid off.....
 
 lol you outside my work? :P
 
 davismonthan? lol where are you at?
 
 I dont know
 
 I forgot what you did..
 
 and we budgeted in 600 for my next pay check for the STAR card didnt we?
 
 and they are disk brakes so I can do them
 
 we might just want to the front rotors and brakes. then that would drop it to 155$ is for the parts
 
 
 
 I know. 
 
 We dont currently hace 400+ dollars
 
 and that would be all four rotors
 
 and rotors are about 274$ for the parts (before tax
 
 now to check rotors
 
 looks like the brake pads are like 23$ for a pair
 
 Fas electric water phobe
 
 mortgage and Star card is all I can think of now. 
 
 what long standing bills do we have left?
 
 so :P
 
 I cant find anything I like better then Axel/Ashton Pierce Wesley or Sklyar Prudence Faith. 
 
 lol you didnt like axel
 
 gr
 
 art
 
 angus arden
 
 Its like threehundred so no
 
 :P
 
 I wanna see. lol
 
 $$$ and y? Lol the kids snuggle so much youd never be able to see anything
 
 lol
 
 :)
 
 we should get a 4d sono. 
 
 wtf
 
 I can see fl;yiing glitter
 
  Hp?
 
 fine :p  I'll HP to bk
 
 W is there so much crap on the book shelf
 
 I don know what i wabt
 
 Kids want chicken sammich dr pepper 
 
 Don't know what you want
 
 Please
 
 feed me seymore. Then make Axel and Skylar stop kicking me. Then clean my house
 
 no
 
 no
 
 no
 
 no
 
 yes 
 
 bbq
 
 steak
 
 ribs
 
 sushi
 
 food
 
 idk
 
 Also what do i want to eat?
 
 Ill just make you clean
 
 No i dont want to live with crazy people. I have enoufh issues with you and my kids i aunt adding her crazy kids her crazy ass who wibt go to tge dictor.
 
 move katey in then
 
 make her ass clean. lol
 
 grrrr
 
 my body cant keep up with me
 
 this is annoying
 
 I want to clean but I get a little bit done and have to sit
 
 Kk &lt;3 rodeo!!
 
 and I'm taking leave on Thurs and Fri
 
 love you
 
 "they're coming to take me away..."
 
 anywho.. I have an appointment to go to. kookoo doc hehe
 
 and that actual balance
 
 not available. 
 
 so thats where the extra went
 
 Yeah like.......300 dollars worth
 
 put about that into the cadi a couple days ago
 
 and just put 75$ gas into the Van
 
 and a lot of eating out
 
 theres over 100$ at frys' and like 45$ at Popeyes. 
 
 Fn
 
 cb?
 
 How much money did you cb blow
 
 Huh?
 
 Balance : \n$269.00   first command
 
 blackberries
 
 basically oatmeal
 
 
 
 heres what we got. 
 
 Conventional 1 @ $15.00 \n\nSoft White Wheat Berries - product of Washington and Idaho - Approx 25 Lb poly bag 1 @ $13.50 \n\nBlackberry - 12 - 6 oz clamshells - product of Mexico 1 @ $14.25 \n
 
 Sure
 
 bb?
 
 :P\n
 
 Now i can be sneaky
 
 Tada
 
 its a little arrow by the send button. lol
 
 you click the        button
 
 I know im too lazy to figure our how to turn location off
 
 you're phone gives you away. lol
 
 lol kk just checking. lol
 
 22Nd and kilb kids to school lol
 
 tucson country club estate?  and where might you be? :P
 
  Kk
 
 on the First we only have to pay 347$ for mortgage. (we still have 500 i nunapplied funds. lol)
 
 K 
 
 dishes please i cant kneel and i need at least half clean 
 
 What do i have top do today? I kinda want top get Mikey and play magic lol
 
 yay 
 
 Lol
 
 Lil
 
 until Tuesday
 
 kk
 
 On way home
 
 MY FUCKING LEG GRRRRR
 
 my brain is atrophying. 
 
 when all the kiddos are in the schooling places in fiveish years. Im going back to school
 
 I have to sweep around him half the time in the kitchen cause he is eating the food out of my piles
 
 at elast for me
 
 but didn't touch the pile
 
 I had to put the dog food into his bowl
 
 and he ate the whole bow nonstop
 
 he does if I sweep it up
 
 since he got yelled at
 
 he doesnt eat off of it
 
 its weird
 
 I gave him food in him bowl last night
 
 there is pile of food on floor
 
 there is no bag
 
 since he got yelled at for the bag
 
 he wont eat from the bag
 
 and he has water
 
 there is dog food all over
 
 yeah cause he ripped open the bag remember
 
 torn up diapers
 
 garbage
 
 does he have food?
 
 clothes
 
 roses a whole bag of sugar through four rooms
 
 cause he pissed me off
 
 And I wont talk to him or snuggle him
 
 Cuase I yelled at him
 
 why dog sad?
 
 the do0gs sad but I still want to kill him so Im not overly sympathetci
 
 its my nose itch making
 
 the whole house smells like sugar and baby powder4. 
 
 lol
 
 one  can hope lol well have to wait till after the plumber tomorrow and see how much money that takes away
 
 good that savesenough money to buy a vaccumm lol
 
 working\nyay\n
 
  Took a fucking hr to clean up and i still need to sweep again
 
 I bout killed him
 
 damn doggy
 
 lol
 
 I endrd up having to sweep the hallway
 
 No the sugar in the carpet just killed it
 
 new vaccumm uhh duh
 
 Also e officially need a new vaccum 
 
 Lol its not a link. It should just pop up in the im
 
 no pictures at work! grr.. you never seem to get that. do you
 
 No just dumped it
 
 Just the sugar in the kitchen. Dragged all the way through both living rooms
 
 did he break the vase?
 
 Haven't checked came home capt rmptied all garbage poured entire sugar on floor decorated with flowrrs and shit. Still cleaning
 
 I got the modem to turn on this mornin
 
 is the internet working again?
 
 Ok
 
 Amount: $645.00  just paid this much
 
 and that is the minimum payment
 
 guess I'm paying that. 
 
 Total Amt Due:  $642.08  
 
 Yes 
 
 you said you budgeted 600?
 
 well getting ready to pay on the STAR card. 
 
 yup
 
 Weird
 
 grr.. about 280$ less than normal
 
 thats what I just got paid. 
 
 $1
 
100.65
 
 It was that it while i was picking Adam Thoreau lol
 
 Plumbers coming between 8  and 10 tomorrow. 
 
 
 
 Sick
 
 No
 
 did you call cox?
 
 mwah
 
  Igured
 
 sry I just logged on
 
 been busy.. 
 
 Got Adam
 
 Our there ids even a slight chance out possibility i really need you pick adam up. My leg wont stop bleeding sopha wont stop crying and i feel like death
 
 She's not and im losibg it. This many days no slerp is just too much
 
 I've tried Tylenol and anbrsol and teether pills and cold apple.. 
 
 I'm sory hun. I dont know whta to give her for her teeth
 
 poor babe
 
 Sophia wright stop crying 
 
 My phone wont let me order and i font know what to do. I don trust myself driving and i dont know what do do
 
 Im order pizza. I font feel well im not sure how ill get adam
 
 Hungry tired
 
 Wont heal
 
  But he
 
 I even asked Kris buyout huge don't have van today
 
 I concure
 
 I dont know.. wthey are having a 'everyone come meeting' grr
 
 \U000fe32c
 
 Are you going to get lunch today? I dont want stand up cook
 
 Ok more Thursday I've bothered to look swollen. 
 
 Also my legs i dont know i think they never woke up. Or they are really swollen idk
 
 Im three tired
 
 Not xhausty as me lol
 
 I'm exhausted.
 
 Pwease
 
 Come home so i sleep?
 
 Uh huh I'm tired so tired 
 
 &lt;3
 
 :P 
 
 Also &lt;3
 
 Are
 
 Trying to make things more difficult than they already
 
 make kris drop adam off. HAHA. Make his ass actually do something. lol
 
 it tomorrow
 
 I need the van tomorrow if you drop it off tonight I won't have
 
 so he can do the tranny stuff
 
 I meant after work. I need to drop it off either today or tomorrow. 
 
 Ruben
 
 start up again on Tuesday
 
 I cancelled tutoring this week. 
 
 no van riven?
 
 It's Thursday you have tutoring
 
 y maybe that was the guys leftovers or maybe huge makes enough to blow fifteenhundred
 
 No van riven
 
 I needed to take your son to school
 
 Love you
 
 Dont forget to call Cox
 
 when you get  chance hun :)
 
 whenever I get off work
 
 I'm gonna swing by and take the Van to Ruben. (just need someone to gimme a ride home. lol
 
 not sure what we actually put into fixes
 
 but just making a guess.
 
 what do you think she'd say if we told her we spent 1700$ on a van
 
 and put like 2K into the cars. lol
 
 about some guy she was in line behind buying 1500$ worth of electronics. 
 
 Barb is whiney again
 
 &lt;3 
 
 k
 
 See you at home
 
 No waled in put in vase left four appt been busy. They were looking at it and mom almost drove inti a car whule i was on phone so i screamed in his ear first. Gtg phone dying &lt;3 
 
 and what did you say about the Van?
 
 you post on your fb yet? lol
 
 hehe the card was all me. the flowers.. I guessed. lol
 
 :D
 
 The card made me go awe...   
 
 They said they would make decsition on the19th. The manipulative mush cards the part i liked. I know im weird. But flowrrs just dont do much fo me. 
 
 did you like the card I had with the flowers :)
 
 No time
 
 period :P
 
 go in
 
 prego
 
 and sit and bitch until they fix. 
 
 time to go to the office
 
 They are evil
 
 I called them yesterdat
 
 call them AGAIN
 
 wtf... I'm going to drive the damn van into the acchss building
 
 No charger for this one but Sono on 27th is 240 dollars
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk good luck hun
 
 Dork Im headed to appt 
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2BRyNR55G8
 
 lol
 
 Hey where s my diamonds :p
 
 You. You Dont have to do things for Valentine's day
 
 Lol &lt;3
 
 I suck at presents. 
 
 i was trying to figure otu what to get you before I forgot and that just offered a nice option 
 
  Lol you just wanted put bucks
 
 :P you liked it :P
 
 Pretty waste lol
 
 you like?
 
  Yes tard &lt;3
 
 did you get a delivery? 
 
 lol
 
 maybe....
 
 They are working in our did you send me flowers?
 
 No
 
 you call firestone yet? lol
 
 Rofl
 
 sorry. lol
 
 it popped up?  didn't here. 
 
 Pick popped up bam fuck phone inapropriate
 
 it could have warned me. HAHA
 
 ?
 
  could have warned me
 
 I just had this 'suggested to me
 
 from Amazon. lol
 
 wonder if this will show up for you
 
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008S6SN6G/ref=s9_cartx_co_d99_g121_ir04?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_s=left-2&amp;pf_rd_r=0RY4YKBFK0Y170TYC8YR&amp;pf_rd_t=3201&amp;pf_rd_p=1280661782&amp;pf_rd_i=typ01    LMFAO
 
 Naw i no wanna cry
 
 go for it
 
 Or sad
 
 Id be mean
 
 you might call and check. lol
 
 it shoudl be there at the shop by now
 
  Car towed
 
 ?
 
 Did cast get tortured
 
 Lol
 
 boooooored
 
 as soon as im done hurting death I need to clean up again and do dishes AGAIN and sweep the floor AGAIN and vaccum AGAIN and take out the garbage AGAIN
 
 Grr kids dead k
 
 Evil screaming
 
 ?
 
 Stupid daughters gonna dre
 
 Kk
 
 thats the total tint payoff
 
 The payoff amount is $448.56 including all fees today tint
 
 Fir kids
 
 I alreafy got van pick up linch
 
 either way. leavin now
 
 wait.. swap out the van for Nissan
 
 gonna drive home
 
 then walk to pick up the van
 
 eavin now
 
 idk
 
 I just messaged him. 
 
 His phone goes off for fb right?
 
 2455012
 
 I dont have his number
 
 you fucking call him im busy
 
 they want me to take the trash out now
 
 so I'm going on lunch
 
 (amazing what lazy people will do. lol)
 
 tell kris not to come. 
 
 when I went to  his house the otehr day
 
 its ridiculous
 
 borerline your mums house now
 
 so he can sit on his ass
 
 why? that damn early
 
 in about thirty to fourty minutes
 
 when is he showing up?
 
 ttyl
 
 and get dressed for when Kris gets here
 
 Ive got to go do laundry and dishes
 
 whatever
 
 k .. lol now I might get a lunch
 
 just because Sgt Macklin wants me to take the trash out. lol
 
 because Ill still be doing all the stuff IM doing now. 
 
 if I end up on bedrest im going to lose the twins
 
 its annoying
 
 Everyone keeps asking me why Im so sick why I feel like shit and then saying they will help then backing out
 
 I dont know you are all pissing me off. You are all like im not getting lunch I cant pick up the van have your mom come get you so you can do it. Oh wait your brother wont pick up the kids I can take a late lunch to do that even though I cant get the van.......And hes all Oh I cant do two things even though there is plenty of time to. Oh Nikki you can do it right? I mean after all there is no reason you shouldnt be able to right? Oh you dont feel well
 
 how unfortunate
 
 be careful doing the list of shit you need to do then. Why are you bitching? THere is no reason to be angry. 
 
 I know I can't help pick up and drop off that much from my work schedule but he's using (still technicaly) MY van for free
 
 no gas
 
 no insurnace
 
 etc.... fuck him
 
 I'd tell your mum
 
 thats BS. 
 
 and afer he drops them off he could basically drive to your mum
 
 or pick them up at 2:35 drive them here then go pick up mom at 4
 
 he has to pick up mom at four so its a pain for him to pick up the kids at 2:35 wait a fucking hour then pick up my mom
 
 its not that fucking hard to pick up two kids
 
 Your brother just annoyed the shit out of me. 
 
 also my brother is a lazy fucking asswipe
 
 if you couldnt tell
 
 also being in pain and incapable of fucking doing the shit I want/need to do is a fucking btich and makes me cranky
 
 you know all the shit you avoid doing by coming up with something else to do
 
 take out garbage
 
 if you wanted to help youd do dishes
 
 yeah right
 
 cause then you wont get off and Ill have to rush at 2 to get them
 
 I want to help :P
 
 but I see your point. 
 
 its stupid
 
 why
 
 I can try. 
 
 its just irritating
 
 stop making pointless gestures when you cant do them or they are going to fall through anyway
 
 when you just said fifteen minutes ago you might not get a lunch
 
 so thats just stupid
 
 and I might as well get used to it cause I have to drop them off and pick them up the rest of the week anyways
 
 I'll take a late lunch. and pick them up
 
 shti 
 
 before I fall over
 
 Im going to go lie down on the couch
 
 so suck my dick and die
 
 I fucking hate all of you
 
 and you have to do toutoring cause you didnt go last week
 
 2:45 which you will be at work
 
 I'll call and cancel tutoring
 
   what time do they have to be picked up?
 
 so wtf does it matter
 
 when IM so dizyz I cant function now does it no
 
 that doesnt help um me pakcing up the kids and driving to pick up the kids later
 
 Im going to lock my door and pretend im not home
 
 ? or.. he can watch the kids and you can go and get it
 
 or... better yet.. he walk and pick it up
 
 and FUCK all of you
 
 and then you complain you dont have clean work clothes
 
 cause no one washed anything
 
 and then the house falls to hell
 
 and your all like oh sweety just dont do shit
 
 and IM all like fuck
 
 its good
 
 and you are all im not going to be home because I like not being home three nights a week
 
 so that I will pick up the kids after school and he doenst have too
 
 so hes ocming here and taking me and the kids to go get the van
 
 he cant stand the thought of picking up the kids then going to get mom. Its too much effort
 
 hate you all
 
 with the kids?
 
 who's dragging you to get it?
 
 ?
 
 seriously
 
 thats fine cause Apparently my brother is dragging my ass to go get it. I hate all of you right now
 
 if I get out late
 
 I will have to go straight to tutoring. . you should have your mum come over so you can go get it. 
 
 I dont know if I can get the car today. 
 
 cause shed get there too early
 
 Cause I will already had to have dropped Rene off cause she has to be there at 8 so I cant even have you drop her off on the way if his appt is at 8
 
 Yeah pretty much lol
 
 kk I'll have to get adam to his in the mornin. then drop him off at school? lol 
 
 ma says she can watch them so thats good
 
 lol
 
 which reminds me I should probably see if mom or mikey can watch the kids
 
 mines at 3:30
 
 adams at like 8am
 
 mines not till like 3 I think
 
 Ill just get you fixed
 
 adam has an appt too lol
 
 this is icky tummy or them kicking something
 
 we are about five weeks past morning sickness
 
 this is not morning sickness
 
 I have a docs appt tomorrow 
 
 at least after this morning sickness with the twins you will want to get fixed after . HAHA
 
 lol Love you.. 
 
 IO think
 
 cause....I said so
 
 and you should so be able to fix it
 
 makes me gag
 
 if I could stomach it
 
 I hate ginger
 
 doesnt that help with nausea?
 
 and I can't fix it. I say ginger
 
 whiiiiiiiiiiinnnnneeeee
 
 I got a 'project' sent to me from texas. lol
 
 fix it 
 
 and pukey
 
 im itchy
 
 "chore" = "work"?
 
 so we shall see if I get lunch. lol
 
 I got a wonderful 'chore' to do thta will take probably about a week. 
 
 no clue whatI'm doing for lunch. 
 
 maybe Idk its hard to tell right now whats sick and whats double mint
 
 I think Im sick
 
 Ive been all yucky since I woke up and IM all pukey and itchy
 
 its irritating
 
 and Im itchy
 
 ginger?
 
 fix it
 
 Im sick of puking
 
 sopha still cranker pants
 
 and its making me crazy
 
 I cant keep up
 
 and its allyour fault
 
 and I still want to clean off the damn computer desk cause its covered in garbage nd I want to clean the house and the kitchen needs a wipe down and there is another load of laundry and another load of dishes 
 
 cuase im tired and I did laundry and vaccummed and now my heart is going BOOM BOOM BOOM and im dizzy and I have to sit and want to puke and its all your fault
 
 y?
 
 imma kick your butt
 
 weirdo
 
 and vanilla beans for my coffee. lol
 
 k. no basket this week
 
 nd I want the coconut and the pineapple. lol
 
 so the rest would be wasted
 
 i  only want the kiwi 
 
 yummy fruit
 
 but da tropical pack. lol
 
 no we have soo many veggies
 
 I'm just etting one basket this week
 
 do you want either of those extras?
 
 want either one of those?
 
 Veggie Lovers Pack - Italian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! Making dinnertime fun!\n(Max 5)
 
 You have got to start waking your own ass up. I need that extra hour of sleep. Im so fn tired
 
 Tropical Pack (hoping for 2 vanilla beans
 
 pineapple
 
 mango
 
 lime
 
 coconut
 
 kiwi
 
 fresh mint
 
 ginger.)\n
 
 Eh
 
 do you want BB?
 
 Im not trying to you know
 
 Uh no
 
 Imma teach you how to play magic. HAHA
 
 love you
 
 stop making yourself crazy
 
 Cause20weeks under cooked 
 
 So i yell at her and tell her she is stupid
 
 I ikeep having nightmares about fighting with dr mitchell. She tells me they are conjoined (not possible with fraternal) or that they need surgery NOW so I have to have them now
 
 :P
 
 and you yell at me to speak english. You cant even say "hi" in english :P
 
 hola
 
 you still at work? your obviously not going to have time to come home then
 
 ?
 
 why do I have to message her? you cant send 4/03/07
 
 yeah
 
 and Sophia's is March 24th rigth?
 
 Can't remember it
 
 could you message my mum with Rene's B-day
 
 i could always call my brothers so whatever
 
 that would still mean that I would be reachable at the magic thingy
 
 granted it could take up to two hours for the sim card to work
 
 got your phone
 
 Sure that's why you suggested vodka
 
 love you 
 
 Ass
 
 haha
 
  Uh no?!!!
 
 pour vodka on it. lol
 
 Its the cut
 
 ib prophen?
 
 My ankle wont stop hurting
 
 title
 
 somewhere in the house. 
 
 registration? should be in the glove box. (or one of the overheard things)
 
 Black van registration? 
 
 not on this phone im like three phones back
 
 phone number?
 
 i dont have him on fb
 
 message rob about what company he works for. lol
 
 Im more worried about finding you a job in four months and you know the twins etc
 
 Im not really worried about it
 
 probably 
 
 we can fully fix the cadi for another like 300$ (all the freeze plugs) but I think that Don don can do those (since I had firestone do the hard ones)
 
 all fully insured
 
 but.. 3000+ (nissan) isn't bad for three running vehicles
 
 engine knock could be something stupid you know though
 
 like a loose bolt
 
 thats why your not driving it
 
 I just want my van running
 
 the engine knock that started is starting to worry me
 
 fingers crossed on the nissan.  HAHA
 
 which isnt horrendous
 
 well about 550$ total
 
 and it only took 500 for the cadi (less than I thought)
 
 Iknow. 
 
 we knew we were going to have to put some money into it
 
 whatever
 
 so now we are 2500$ (ish) deep into the van
 
 whatever
 
 and bearings out of grasp
 
 breaks and rotors
 
 not out of grasp
 
 and they already dont charge us for a lot of shit
 
 kinda past yours and dons skills
 
 and he said the rotors have to be replaced and the bearings repacked
 
 they are on a 3 ton van...
 
 but I can't do rotors. 
 
 this way I just tell you you are stupid and they are stupid and I dont have to deal with it
 
 and breaks aren't hard
 
 and tell me Im hormonal and over reacting
 
 and then youll get cranky
 
 cause Ill tell them they are useless idiots
 
 I wont talk to them cause they are stupid and Ill be mean and then youll get mad
 
 so. they  are doing the shocks because I know that that can't be done in our driveway if we have to. 
 
 uhh no
 
 and he said around 3K and I said HA
 
 then you talk on the phone 
 
 cause  your not mean
 
 I dont care
 
 cause wherever you take them youll be stupid or theyll be stupid
 
 then where do you want me to take the cars from now on?
 
 either way
 
 they should have noticed it or maybe mentioned it was cracked so once again they suck or your stupid
 
 love you. grr
 
 whatever
 
 pick one
 
 because it was the starter
 
 and I didn't know that it was cracked. 
 
 or your an idiot
 
 they suck there
 
 you have no clue what the hell im saying so whatever
 
 you dont listen to anything 
 
 Im not bitching about the prices
 
 then why didnt you have them replace it for ten dollars when we sent it in for not working the first time
 
 then stop bitching about the prices
 
 either of you try to do those on my van Ill chop your dick off
 
 they DID catch it
 
 the van is too big
 
 he cant do any of those
 
 neither can you
 
 no
 
 or me. (if they aren't drum breaks)
 
 um no
 
 I dont care if the were going to repair it for free they didnt catch it the first time
 
 there has been A LOT of crap that they keep missing
 
 and the breaks
 
 rotors
 
 tires
 
 etc.. we can make don do
 
 Mwah love you
 
 I'm done talking. you aren't listening at all anymmore
 
 and Ive been exceedingly tolerant for a knocked up girl
 
 damn.. 
 
 they were going to repair it for free
 
 and have been stupid
 
 and no they are fucking stupid
 
 no save the capital one card. 
 
 they did an electrical diagnostic and didnt go hey we should replace the terminal
 
 and... you're just prego. so :P
 
 and.. I'm tempted to put  300$ on the capital one card
 
 I want to punch them all in the face
 
 you can like them
 
 i stongly dislike them
 
 they are useless
 
 its all useless
 
 so.. on the eventual list :P
 
 making it entirely useless. 
 
 eh dont care
 
 alignment parts being broke can throw a rod
 
 no stupid
 
 different
 
 part broken
 
 not out of alignment
 
 no
 
 listen
 
 not normal alignment. 
 
 dont care
 
 alignment is parts that are wearing the tires
 
 alignment never
 
 eventually breaks rotors and trankit
 
 breaks rotors yes
 
 transkit yes fuck alignmen
 
 those were the expensive ones. 
 
 so.. on the 'to do' list. breaks
 
 rotors
 
  (tyres and alignment stuff on the front) and the trans kit
 
 they were going to repair the terminal for free but I told him just to replace it for like 10$ lol
 
 lol calling again
 
 and you wont stop me
 
 I dont care it stalls on me and wont start again imma bitch slap the lot of them
 
 but they would want the rotors at the same time
 
 breaks are close
 
 
 
 true. lol
 
 and well get the breaks done eventually lol
 
 and that still doesnt answer why it wasnt starting
 
 soo.. they are doing the shocks
 
 toppping off the trans fluid
 
 the wipers
 
 and the liscense bulb for 668$
 
 lol yeah no
 
 HAAH
 
 everything... over 3K
 
 722-3080
 
 you get paid on the 15th and I already had budgetted in 600 on the star
 
 whats their number? so I can talk to him?\n
 
 haha
 
 so that means 1200 lol so we can 500 the STAR
 
 you dont touch my money
 
 you keep using your account
 
 cuz the cadi's done
 
 youve never used it
 
 still?
 
 theres 1700 in my account set aside for mechanics
 
 what do we have to spend on the van really?
 
 lol
 
 he kind of needs to know what to do so he can get it done
 
 w knew the shocks were gone and the transmission was having issues and not overly surprising a belt needs to go or that the breaks need to be redone or that it needs tires.
 
 um.....k
 
 Mr. Johnson?
 
 and everything before the serpantine belt is suggested. And no
 
 I didnt ask cause he was like.....um...Phillip?
 
 did he tell you a price?
 
 it wasnt in english
 
 and something else that joey said that I didnt understand
 
 plate not plan
 
 the van wiper blades rear license plate light coolant flush cleaning serpantine belt needs two tires front breaks replacement soon rotars and front seals front and rear shocks transmission was low leaking transmission plan so want to do whole transmission kit 
 
 Also I want fresh strawberrys
 
 or ooh chocolate dipped strawberrys. Like a bucket full. And a chicken sammich
 
 its an irritation
 
 I feel like I spend my entire day peein
 
 one can hope
 
 goodie. then you can set it up
 
 program in you r number and I can hopefully pick it up before going to the magic thingy
 
 tracking number ^ lol
 
 1ZW0Y5921368976554\n
 
 according to UPS it should be here by 3 pm
 
 not yet 
 
 lol phone there? HAHA
 
 she likes them cause they are cruncy
 
 cookies are the perfect sopha treatment lol but only oreos
 
 my tummy icky
 
 2410 E Broadway Blvd
 
 Tucson
 
 AZ 85719
 
 i was just a half a second from pouring soda into my tuna casserole....
 
 You are going to have to do the dishes today. I tried but Im too swollen to kneel
 
 but a girl can dream
 
 whih doesnt happen
 
 Is too hot
 
 I want them during the day when Im cold. I want somebody to snuggles and clean and pamper me
 
 i tried snuggles last night
 
 and you didn't want to :P
 
 not yet
 
 I hate being pregnant
 
 cause all I want when IMi pregnant is just snuggles and to be pampered and that doesnt happen
 
 my phone there?
 
 the curtains and the carpet and more insulation and paint
 
 lol what now?
 
 I think of all the things I want to do to the house and its $$$
 
 me too
 
 why?
 
 please
 
 I want to be a multimillionare
 
 :P
 
 h
 
 mwa
 
 laudry :)
 
 grr
 
 I called and talked to them again and reentered all the info so they cant say shit
 
  off
 
 fucking pisses me
 
 its still pending
 
 stupid health insurance
 
 there were two hats in the coats/laundry baskets
 
 hopefully she will wake up less crank pants
 
 shes out
 
 yay
 
 I gave her some ambesol and tylonol hopefully shell fall asleep soon
 
 Ty and its not scratchy eniugh fo her
 
 laundry
 
 I think youshould give he4r tost if we have any
 
 My poor baby girl
 
 q makes no sense sopha s not haleping. Every time she makes a sad face I mae one too
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 MWAHQ!
 
 IM all mopey
 
 ?
 
 fuck hormones
 
 she doesnt let me rub her teeth
 
 it pisses her off if I do it. She pulls away. Right now she is just grabbing whatever she can reach and gnawing on it lol
 
 the rubbing will feel better. lol
 
 crackers. lol or toast
 
 she's cranky
 
 itchy
 
 and tired. lol
 
 she's geting in like 3 or 4 teeth at once. lol
 
 and momma songs
 
 she just wants snuggle loves
 
 lol
 
 shes gonna get all her damn teeth at once
 
 poor sopha crankers
 
 btw there was a hat in with the jackets
 
 and then it takes like three days to do a load
 
 but I suck at it 
 
 I keep trying to remember
 
 I'll try
 
 lol
 
 Im going to go do laundry right now but every 45 min or so if you remember remind me to go down and do it again lol
 
 lol
 
 they are arguing over who let sophi touch the remote control car
 
 ?\n
 
 The kids are crackheads
 
 No answer no answer your phone
 
 whered you go?
 
 shes no fever just sadness
 
 shes just so icky sad
 
 poor sopja
 
 shes not a happy baby
 
 she is an unhappy in pain cranker babers. But I have no fn clue whats in pain. And bubba is a demon spawn get into everything and Adam has lost all concept of right and wrong and just ripped Saundras arm so hard she had friggin finger prints on it
 
 growing. lol
 
 I dont know what her issue is
 
 Sopha is still crankers
 
 the teenager swiped the kid cause his dad is a jerk. Apparently not  aphysically abusive jerk
 
 just a garden variety jerk
 
 roflmao
 
 I got so many apologies its not even funny
 
 how so?
 
 they wont lower it again.  because of accident statistics. lol but I got the last laugh. lol
 
 HAHA\n
 
 like wabam
 
 need a bitch slap
 
 fuckers
 
 I hope so
 
 they raised my premium up to 143$ (bitched about that)
 
 You didnt respond fast enough but I ordered one for you too just to be safe. Figured at worst the kids would eat it
 
 kk cause I started to make lunch then got way to icky so I just ordered pizza 
 
 leaving for lunch in a bit
 
 
 
 yes no maybe so
 
 you gonna be homes for lunch
 
 
 
 thonjvcczxgh asjklvnmlsfio hjcysd hiocvnseenm lkjot lsoid theoikngbv
 
 hwat lunch making an
 
 then she finally passed out
 
 couldnt get hwer to stop screaming for an hour
 
 shes cranker butt
 
 what do you mean?
 
 there is sometin wrong with sopha
 
 busy
 
 and trying to fix the damn insurance
 
 :(
 
 lol can't now :P
 
 pwease
 
 now
 
 :P lol
 
 also sex
 
 Sopha likes soy milk
 
 which is good cause shes going to be stuck being mildly lactose intolerant for at least a year or two well yeah
 
 cause the only reason we go tthe policy is because they fucked up 
 
 because I was quoted (on a recorded conversation) with my correct bday etc.. lol
 
 and if they try to raise it
 
 I'm going to raise hell
 
 good cause thats important 
 
 and I sent one hell of a bitch email
 
 already changed the liscene number (which they fucked up)_ after repeating it to me yesterday correctly
 
 we might need to fix that though..
 
 well um that explains why its cheap
 
 i'm apparently 45 years old
 
 they still fucked it up
 
 and when they double fucking checked my bday
 
 my name and my fathers name is Allen P Johnson
 
 wait what?
 
 so.. apparently you are on a plan with my dad!
 
 however they FUCKED UP MY BDAY!
 
 geico added me and you to a policy
 
 so since beating children is bad I made her clean downstairs
 
 she kept screaming at me
 
 it was make her do something away from me or beat her
 
 you completed the quest
 
 lol
 
 lol
 
 I figured out how to piss off Saundra
 
 make her clean when she throws a fit
 
 (the medical herb quest)
 
 once you collect them sell them (just the red dragon) I think I might finish a quest. if not can you plant however many I need to finish. 
 
 goodie. 
 
 in a min
 
 :D  pwease? :)
 
 no 
 
 have you collected my red dragon?
 
 kk
 
 in front of the table. 
 
 should be next to the drawers
 
 garage. 
 
 where is the van battery?
 
 only a bathtub full left...
 
 half the dishes done woot
 
 whatever
 
 kk
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3523731230.html
 
 probably a plumber
 
 I cant think right now
 
 I dont know
 
 how are we getting the sink done? since you always yell at me
 
 and Im going to rest as much as I can today since I know thats what my problem is. Which will be difficult cause I have to do dishes etc
 
 kk
 
 Im gonna give billy benedryl and adam some ibruprofen to see if I can unpoof it
 
 all I know is adam looks like death
 
 they are both coughing
 
 and I feel like shit
 
 fuck if I know
 
 because bubba isnt looking fabulous either. Or maybe adams just got the wierd throat thing and billy has allergies
 
 I think they got a virus and thats why he is all poofy again
 
 yeah which are fucking with me too
 
 gotta love my weird genetics. lol
 
 byut hell if it actually means anything other than he is weirdly swollen again
 
 I think Ill keep him home
 
 just cause he is losing his voice with it. 
 
 I don't know either
 
 but fuck if that means anything
 
 the kid looks like death
 
 I never know how sick he is until he is comatose cause he fihts so hard
 
 fuck if I know
 
 I dont know
 
 I just know he was excited about today so if you think he can make it through school then Id take them
 
 Im asking you if I should take him or not
 
 hes gcoughing
 
 has a double chin' and itsnt really awake so its not like I can ask him
 
 what he wants to go today because they're supposed to be a parade or something and then get off early not too long
 
 ok
 
 I guess keep them home
 
 school? or skip it 
 
 hes got a double chin again and is coughing
 
 especially when im all yucky
 
 well I need 25 in order to get the next piece so its important
 
 lol 
 
 I had to send myself chocolate lol my love machines ran out
 
 uh huh which is why you invited her :P
 
 lol nope didn't forget. lol
 
 just cause you forgot (not that I htink she would) Kathy isnt allowed in my house
 
 let alone in tucson :P 
 
 undecided on that one
 
 and possibly to kill children
 
 need sleep
 
 jeesus
 
 nikki to preggers for tht no more
 
 when we go saturday I need to sit more and not just go through the whole thing in one go
 
 im sick sick icky caca
 
 Lol
 
 the back pack fn lights up and shit
 
 grandma darla sent him a back pack and a lunch box and an ice thing for the lunch box and another DIFFERENT set of spiderman dishes lol
 
 I cants smoke
 
 :P bastard
 
 going to smoke (and that way I get to cool off. lol its cooler outside)
 
 lol
 
 we arent gonna eat dinner till like bed time lol
 
 no skipped naps today. THye all crashed in the car at various points. They are eating lunch righ tnow and then sitting and watching a movie
 
 kids napping?
 
 Im tired and my legs are poofed to hell. and Im cramping. Pushed a tad bit too hard today I think
 
 lol
 
 need to do dishes etc. Nnot gonna happen
 
 so dead
 
  Ok well go do daddy stuff sat
 
 fix me
 
 I haven't been to the zoo in years.. I wanna be a go do stuff daddy.. :'(
 
 kk
 
 Yeah
 
 adam at school?
 
 adam got to go to school but the other kids not so much
 
 the kids really havent left the house lately
 
 we are thinking about going to the zoo right now
 
  Sick
 
 Got it cleaned it was making me stick
 
 ?
 
 Got vab cleaning
 
 love the discounts
 
 good driver
 
 multi car
 
 military
 
 etc.. 
 
 Lol
 
 Total Discount  $193.63  \n  LMFAO    
 
 141.64  sorry
 
 141$ (and no deductible for glass repair on the van) hopefully we can get the windshield for free. lol
 
 Kk 
 
 with like a 500 deductible for the van
 
 2500 for the cadillac (never gonna wreck it
 
 dont drive it enough) and 0 deductible for the nissan (will be on the road the most
 
 so if it gets in a wreck
 
 we pay nothing. lol
 
 its gonna be like 134(ish) a month
 
 :D thank you. Hopefully we will have insurance before long
 
 2B5wb35z9xk544351
 
 make kris do it then :P
 
 Im busy Camry get right now
 
 its 90 degrees in the office
 
 I'm grumpy
 
 :P
 
 we need damn insurance. you can't exactly bitch at me for no insurance if I can't get the vins
 
 Nit right now no
 
 can you go grab the vin number off of the dash board for me. please....
 
 kinda need insurance.. wait.. you have the van dont you?
 
 Too bad
 
 to get insurance. .. grr..
 
 damn I need the van Vin
 
  No
 
 you home yet?
 
 I don't care
 
 for collision/comprehensive/ emergency road service?
 
 do you want any coverage on the cadi/van/nissan? 
 
 if I do a 250$ deduct on the comprehensive and collision on the van its 134 a month
 
 (help when they break. lol and might pay for the windshield. lol)
 
 I'm going to play with it and see what itwould be if I get some sort of deductible. 
 
 Woot
 
 (military discount. lol)
 
 geico just quoted me 104$ a month
 
 for all three cars with me and you on it. lol
 
 tell kayhlen HI!!!! and :P to kris
 
 Went to get soy for soph. She had icky poos then hanging with kris abd kahleb cause kids wabt to
 
 4/11/1987\nD02513448
 
 ok. .burthday and drivers liscense number? and where are you? lol
 
 Not hime
 
 I got State farm down to 145 a month
 
 I need the vin numbers for the Cadi and the Van
 
 you home?
 
 Good
 
 they said if he gets worse again to call to get ER approval
 
 appointment next Wed 830
 
 I gotta go ttyl
 
 I get that your work is in the way
 
 but your kid is having problems BREATHING. Even if he feels finish its still a big deal 
 
 he is more important. If you cant get him in then you need to take him to urgent care this weekend. 
 
 I'll see what I can do. at least if  I can get him an appointment
 
 I'm working 0700-1700 mon-fri for the next two weeks
 
 his glands arent swollen but his tonsils still are
 
 same thing
 
 I can hear him breathing in the kitchen
 
 
 
 what now?
 
 you need to make him an appointment
 
 ok
 
 Its weird havng a phone that works at a decent speed again. Also remind me to bathe tonight. 
 
 home soon?
 
 
 
 I have lumber...why do I have lumber
 
 she keeps putting toys saundra shoes
 
 her bottle
 
 and everything else right there away on it
 
 Sophie really likes bputting stuff on that little door stand and then taking it off
 
 oh yeah Im goods
 
 well
 
 the mystery seeds
 
 tada and you has the sweet love things
 
 fun fun
 
 I only has to get you two more sweet lovings and then you get the win
 
 eeew no
 
 enchiladas
 
 what do I want to eat?
 
 I want food
 
 adam is in trouble for sneaking into renes room and stealing her clothes (dont get me started on the cross dresser ribbing I sooo wanted to give him) and bubba and saundra are stuck down stairs until billys room is clean
 
 ok 
 
 and we will have a cd player in both then
 
 ? y
 
 then I'm gonna put the cd player back in it. 
 
 imma get my cadi when I get home. fun fun. lol
 
 kk
 
 the garbage needs to go out when you get home smells like poop
 
 bum bum bum cha cha cha bum bum cha cha cha
 
 and in order to get them the shit needs to grow
 
 I need roses
 
 stupid friggin shit takes too long to grow
 
 is it bedtime yet?
 
 lol
 
 mikeys moving in in about thjree months. lol I just have to wait that long
 
 lol move in a babysitter. lol
 
 or suddenly have a babysiter
 
 I dont need help to sleep
 
 I need to wake the hell up
 
 can't.. I would say melatonin
 
 but no one to watch kids. 
 
 fix it
 
 tired
 
 tired tired tired tired tired sleepy sleepy sleepy
 
 lol mwah
 
 I wasnt this tired earlier not till like ten. 
 
 Ill turn on adams alarm and lock billys door. Maybe I can sleep for a minute or two
 
 kids should take a nap soon
 
 asnd you cant complain
 
 no just one
 
 both of my pizzas?
 
 :P
 
 kept waking me up cause Id remember in the middle of the dream that I wasnt supposed ot be drinking
 
 I kept dreaming about broken pipes and drugs and booze last night
 
 want to sleep for a year maybe two years
 
 but I tirede
 
 I ated your pizza
 
 mostly tired
 
 my tummys a little better
 
 Im so tired
 
 and icky
 
 even if it does nothing
 
 but I can tell you too anyway
 
 I know you cant
 
 its getting really really busy
 
 I can't 
 
 :)
 
 sure.. so you can send your mom to go get me that phone I sent you. 
 
 i really want to nap
 
 also you should come home now till tomorrow so I can nap
 
 am I just gonna pay for your phone etc to make up the mullah?
 
 okay
 
 I think I'm going to come home for lunch and pick up the van. 
 
 I think I got a bug
 
 I dont feel good
 
 then whatevers wrong withthe caddii....
 
 I have the money to pay for it
 
 or I will...I hae to wait on the money from mom. Not that it matters
 
 cause Id have to wait on themoney for you too. but yeha I havew enough to cover it. Its only like 380 for the starter so we are only at like 700... I can do that
 
 since your were going to pay for the star card with your 1700$
 
 so are you paying for it or am i?
 
 &lt;3
 
 just got to wait on mom to drive me ver there/give me mulah
 
 van is ready
 
 I already have on
 
 its just been sitting in my gift box cause I dont use it
 
 sweet love
 
 the yellow van thing that uses roses chocolate
 
 etc..
 
 sticky love?
 
 I have no clue wtf that is
 
 and the vans are on sale for 2K gold currently
 
 you need 25 of them
 
 did you get the sticky love stuff yet?
 
 I did it yes
 
 you only had a couple hours for those
 
 the ways toget the roses
 
 champagne
 
 etc.. 
 
 did you do the pot farm stuff. 
 
 been busy
 
 stupid keyboard
 
 getting
 
 gety ingo?
 
 I hate you not having a damn phone. Its fuckuing difficult to know that you gety ingo or not
 
 not horrible
 
 the starter.  on the van 380.00
 
 apparently its your moms birthday today
 
 vs
 
 INSURANCE
 
 MORGAGE
 
 COX
 
 TMOBILE
 
 ELECTRIC
 
 GAS
 
 monthly bills
 
 ill give him a call
 
 stopping by safeway
 
 then picking up mikey
 
 leaving now. 
 
 Im having some weird ass thoughts.
 
 kids making me nuts
 
 im crampy and in pain and cant breath and the damn fucking children wont stay away
 
 lol
 
 already clickied it duh
 
 pot farm clicky :)
 
 I already got that
 
 http://bit.ly/Monday_Wake
 
 colio
 
 getting bountiful baskets on Saturday
 
 2 baskets ordered
 
 let me know when you leave work to get mikey and Ill let hiim know your on your way
 
 also monkeys
 
 why does it say your logged on on your phone
 
 you cant be logged on on your phone
 
 you has no phone
 
 adam just got in big booty trouble. He had candy canes
 
 bandaids
 
 my lipstick and my friggin nail polish in his back pack. So he went in my room while he was supposed to be napping or in bed yesterday before the alarm got turned on. He got left in his room till I dont want to kill him and he got his backpack taken away
 
 also your friends baby looks downsyndromy
 
 bwaha this episode fry's gf is poly
 
 hes her fifth boyfriend
 
 car and seeeexxx and sleeep
 
 ech
 
 ye
 
 neh?
 
 Fondue Pack - Hoping for Broccoli
 
 mushroom
 
 carrots
 
 sweet peppers
 
 strawberry
 
 coconut
 
 pineapple
 
 bananas\n
 
 I'll just order 2 baskets
 
 kk
 
 no Im not craving them
 
 I occasionally want one but its more a two a week thing then six a day lol
 
 20lbs
 
 because you aren't craving them
 
 we wont go through that many oranges will we?
 
 probably not cause they look funny
 
 I dont care whichever
 
 guess it depends on how much crap I feel
 
  Fruit Lovers pack - Citrus theme - Approx 20 Lb. Hoping for Pomelo
 
 Lemon
 
 Minneola
 
 Navel &amp; Blood Seville Oranges
 
 Murcott - $15.50 - Max 5 packs\n  LMAO  have the kids get blood oranges for a snack. think they'll eat them?
 
 lol
 
 - Cara Cara Oranges - Approx 20 lb case - from California - $14.50 - Max 5 cases\n
 
 he driving or are you driving?
 
 Ill tell him you are stealing him later
 
 We can swipe Mikey
 
 lol hmm..  who's coming to the house tonight so we can go pick up the van?
 
 also my name looks funny
 
 why is it I always want when I "cant"
 
 also fuck of horny
 
 I dont see nothing
 
 - Veggie Lovers Pack - Italian Theme - $8.50 - Max 5\n- ORGANIC Original Sweet 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - $12.00 - Max 5 packs\n- ORGANIC Olive Oil - From Spain 1 gallon Extra Virgin in a tin - $24.50 - Max 5\n... ... - Cherry Pecan Granola - $10.00 - Max 5\n- DIY Cookies - Decorate your own cookies. 15 large heart shaped cookies
 
 with 4 containers of icing. 2 white
 
 1 red
 
 1 pink - $10.00 - Max 10 packs\n- Fruit Lovers pack - Citrus theme - Approx 20 Lb. Hoping for Pomelo
 
 Lemon
 
 Minneola
 
 Navel &amp; Blood Seville Oranges
 
 Murcott - $15.50 - Max 5 packs\n- Cara Cara Oranges - Approx 20 lb case - from California - $14.50 - Max 5 cases\n- Assorted bread pack (3 loaves savory 9 grain
 
 1 loaf cranberry walnut bread
 
 1 baguette) - $10.00 - Max 5 packs\n- Fondue Pack - Hoping for Broccoli
 
 mushroom
 
 carrots
 
 sweet peppers
 
 strawberry
 
 coconut
 
 pineapple
 
 bananas - $10.50 - Max 5 packs (New Item)\n- Roma Tomatoes from Mexico - Approx 25 Lb box - $12.00 - Max 5 boxes  do you want any of the extras?
 
 kk youd better lovey me
 
 I'm getting ready to leave for lunch so yes please make me mac n cheese
 
 just curious as to if I should make a pot of mac or not
 
 are you gonna swing home on lunch or stay on base?
 
 im going to name them atticus and sabhine just to be mean if the keep torturing me
 
 my damn stomach is killing me. fuckikng demon double mint 
 
 &lt;3 yay chips
 
 I need more food
 
 ooh I have chips too huh
 
 mmm nummys
 
 kids got pbj I got steak and onions and cheese
 
 kk that sounds like goodness to me
 
 then I have to call the van peoples
 
 lol
 
 Im gonna try to attempt to make something easy for lunch in like five minutes
 
 Okay
 
 &lt;3
 
 I'm gonna try to go to lunch in like 30 minutes
 
 Im just going to turn my phone off for an hour
 
 hopefully it will work when I turn it back on
 
 grr
 
 stupid shit
 
 Im going to go make lunch and defrost something for dinner. 
 
 the story of how he became the wizard of oz? Im not sure how I feel about that
 
 http://www.facebook.com/OzTheGreatAndPowerful?ref=stream nooooooo
 
 Ive been starting to deal with the contractions and then they fucking got worse again
 
 grr fuck stupid kids 
 
 well its true
 
 :P
 
 paranoid little man
 
 :P
 
 the doctor never said Ii couldnt so there
 
 weirdo
 
 and not until the doctor says so. :P
 
 then sex
 
 &lt;3
 
 and a pickle
 
 want van
 
 want adam doctor want you home want sleep and possibly chocolate covered steak.
 
 neener neener pumpkin eater
 
 with Axel and Skylar
 
 or your stuck bwahahahaha
 
 thats normal. lol
 
 also
 
 you have four months to come up with better names :D
 
 gonna kill the kids kk
 
 mwah
 
 also incase you were unsure or something &lt;3
 
 Axel is the only a name I keep coming back to. I like it a lot
 
 but I just think its kind of
 
 here son you can grow up to be a rock star or a body guard.
 
 Maybe youll come up with something either that or your stuck with it. Skylar Skyler
 
 I think I like Skylar better
 
 Im stuck on Skylar
 
 I cant find anything I like better
 
 lol well I think we can make it through one day without insurance lol
 
 roflmao
 
 its like a 40K raise. lol
 
 Border Patrol Agent in Tucson
 
 AZ $87
 
000   \n\numm.. If I can make this. I'll take it. lol
 
 I know. after buying it
 
 I'm not sure I can afford insurance until tomorrow. lol
 
 Money orders please mother fucking god. We really need that damn van
 
 they emailed back. I said I can come out tonight and get it if they will take money orders
 
 or I can get it in 4 days with cash
 
 thoguht it was in the drawer
 
 if I can find the red phone
 
 I might have to pull the red phone out and go back to it 
 
 Idk
 
 hopefully I can either get this piece of shit working or you can get a hold of them during lunch I guess
 
 well just have to call later
 
 ok
 
 I did email the van
 
 can you email the van?
 
 If I somehow magically have money left over Ill buy myself a new one
 
 I cant my phone is two years old
 
 it was kriss remember
 
 lol time to get yours sent in to the insurance. lol
 
 I have no clue wtf only that it means I have to restart my phone ten million times and take the sim card in and out and hope it starts to work suddently
 
 yeah
 
 lately when I do that quick restart cause its being stupid it decides that my sim card doesnt exist and the whole screen turns yellow and it says "emergency mode" 
 
 emergency mode?
 
 its kind of irritating to say the least
 
 she has not stopped screaming for more then ten minutes at a time all morning
 
 no clue
 
 wtf is up with Saundra btw
 
 and the kids are screeching anyways
 
 I cant my phone is on emergency mode. I havent gotten it to work yet
 
 I can't call them from here
 
 520 889-4582 you should call (van)  and ask if we can come by to get the van tonight with moneyorders
 
 Ii love you and I accept that you are a perverted kinktastic bastard. Lets just try to keep it legal okay
 
 I got kids to raise and a shit to do and I cant do that if your in jail. &lt;3
 
 ok. 
 
 So I dont have to worry about you going to jail for being a horn dog okay
 
 I dont care if you talk to people Phillip
 
 I dont care if you flirt with people buy shit off people
 
 make plans to screw people like you always do
 
 it bugs me but I deal cause its your personality. Just only FUCKING OVER 18
 
 I only chat really at work
 
 because I can't play the games. lol
 
 I only really play potfarm at home. 
 
 k I'll stop talking to everyone. 
 
 add hormones on top of that along with Danny the douche bag father and I am fucking livid stab you with a knife angry
 
 well
 
 Ive told you the same thing for a fucking year and a half and you keep ignoring it
 
 you dont see the line but I fucking do and it is pissing me off
 
 :'(
 
 so are you
 
 true
 
 because the governemnt is evil
 
 $2
 
115.68   good thing I have enough to cover the money orders. lol why couldn't the federal come through first
 
 fucking dumbass risking your kids job and fn life for gdmn vagina
 
 Because I dont speak spanish. Im serious
 
 your lucky you arent here or I would hit you. 
 
 why not mexico
 
 canada?
 
 you get sent to jail Im changing the kids names to deyoe and moving to canada
 
 Fn stop talking to gd dmn jailbait and you mother fn definition of the word pedo
 
 :P love you
 
 Grrrr you dont get to name the kids anyways cause you make me angry
 
 lol
 
 or skylar
 
 I dontl ike ashton kutcher
 
 I like the back half of the names I came up with
 
 but the whole A S thing is a bitch. I dont really like the names Ashton or Skylar. I dont dislike the names
 
 I just dont like them either
 
 sort of 
 
 I dont see why they wouldnt take money orders
 
 thats like money 
 
 kk
 
 500
 
 500
 
 500
 
 200
 
 they max out at 500 lol
 
 four
 
 4 money orders
 
 I should be able to buy like 3 money orders 
 
 grr you make me angry sometimes
 
 and duh money oders arent checks dork face
 
 eh whatever
 
 probably lost
 
 and 1700$ chekc
 
 no one will take a personal check for that much 
 
 god only knows where they are but you have at least two books worth
 
 you had them three friggin months ago im sure you have them now
 
 you do have checks ass face
 
 money orders are not checks
 
 we already covered this
 
 I dont have checks!
 
 hold the title till it clears or something
 
 yeah so will they take a check 
 
 I can see if he'll take money orders. etc..
 
 I'm only allowed 500 a day
 

 
 I can't pull out 1700$ at once though
 
 emailed them
 
 did you email the van?
 
 okie dokie artcihokie
 
 and its only 15 a month
 
 I called the the nurse that gives approval to take him off base wouldn't talk to me unless I was next to him
 
 I tried
 
 I'm going to try and call back in a bit
 
 otherwise I'm just going to take him in to the er
 
 oh because youll yell at me if I DO remind you but youll blame me if I dont
 
 remember the things your supposed to do today
 
 our whole buedgets going out the window right now
 
 I dont know how wer are going to afford it htough lol
 
 whatever you want hon
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 think I'm gonna get that on
 
 what about it?
 
 gots it
 
 kk
 
 T-Mobile\xae myTouch\xae - Black\n\n
 
 was there a specific one you were looking at?
 
 it loads the whole upgrade page.
 
 does this load for you?
 
 https://my.t-mobile.com/Cihu/UpgradePhones.aspx?msisdn=9136690172&amp;weboffer=&amp;topdevice=&amp;deviceId=&amp;type=&amp;value=&amp;unavid=&amp;TopGrp=
 
 Skylar Prudence Faith Johnson
 
 \nAshton Pierce Wesley Johnson
 
 5202709386 Wright123 and click on shop and then phones and upgrades and then there is a little button for  monthly payments on the top of the list of phones on the right
 
 I wanna look at the phones available
 
 whats tmobiles login
 
 lol
 
 Pearse
 
 ?
 
 /
 
 Pearce
 
 I do so there
 
 not sure I like pierce
 
 the only A name I could come up with that I liked was Axel  but Axel Pierce Wesley Johnson just sounds like Im giving my son no other option then to be a rock star
 
 i couldnt come up with an a or an s so there are blanks at the beginning :P
 
 :P
 
 boy= apj
 
 girl =spj
 
 _____  Pierce Wesley Johnson\n\n_____ Prudence  Faith Johnson
 
 Just tell lady at dedk
 
 didnt know i could
 
 You coming in??
 
 I wish you worked from home at times like this. But you know
 
 I dont think our house is exactly whatever the hell it is you do certified
 
 so once aain he has no way o ge here
 
 my mom has no car
 
 and he gets off in like 3 minutes
 
 ur mum
 
 so tht would be kind of innefctive
 
 Mikey is at school and has no way to get here
 
 get mikey over there until I geet home
 
 I'm not sure when I'm getting off. 
 
 I cant get my fever all the way down
 
 kk Im not ok I really need to go to bed like the minute you get home
 
 I'll stop by walmart
 
 k
 
 get alarm for adams door
 
 List of yhings to gdt done today. \nDishes\nGarbage\nGrocrries\nWash kids\nFold laundry\n
 
  havw to do disges cabr move bad combo guess im being lazt today. Bodys not givig me choice
 
 what now?
 
 Grr kids
 
 and Im going o bed
 
 and then yourll get home 
 
 you need to get an alarm on your way home
 
 gettin ready toleave
 
 e
 
 but take ex long lunch see makes sens
 
 but then I wont get pizza :P
 
 cause I otld general hammond so
 
 you should head ohome in fiv emintues
 
 Cinnipies are good
 
 yay I like cinipies
 
 I'm giong to head home in like 30 minutes
 
 you'll have to sign for me. lol
 
 its on its way
 
 hehe
 
 I bought you 2 of the $4 each cinapies. :P lol
 
 cause icing is good
 
 x icing cinipies?
 
 I want a pop to but we have those in the garage
 
 I think thats it
 
 anything else?
 
 Nikki215003
 
 nixabee@aol.com
 
 whasts your login?
 
 um I want a large pizza works style or (pepperoni
 
 sausage
 
 mushroom
 
 tomato
 
 onion
 
 bell pepper
 
 extra sauce
 
) a cheese or pepperoni pizza for the kids
 
 a cinnapie or two for me
 
 and garlic breadsticks. 
 
 that way it will be there when I get home. 
 
 k  message me what you want me to order and I'll order it now. 
 
 or something and I am too indiscisive to come up with food and so your gonna whine more
 
 Cause your gonna whine I meade you late for work
 
 Im just gonna order the damn pizza I guess but your paying for it
 
 so what doyou want when I leave for lunch?
 
 "dont dooo that tooooo meeeeeeeee" 
 
 I didnt even really spank him
 
 i swatted his but
 
 seriously
 
 adam just had the balls to tell me to not smack his butt
 
 fuck
 
 god damn kids made me chase them
 
 my had throbbing fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ow
 
 and you dont want to come home your gonna go get 9 dollar pasta or whatever
 
 but that is impractical and doesnt feed the children
 
 what I want is like four cinipies to myself
 
 something cheap
 
 what do you want if you dont feed them by the time I get out for lunch in like 40 minutes
 
 genius
 
 maybe they wont get hungry
 
 the kids arent hungry yet anyway
 
 we r just no teating
 
 :P
 
 it does nothing but be a pain in my ass
 
  so no
 
 the full order only gives nine points and we need ten for free pizze
 
 no it doesnt
 
 two seperate orders gets you a pizza for free. :P\n
 
 it sunimportant anyway
 
  fuck lunch
 
 we just ownt eat lucne
 
 I wont do it
 
 im just reluictant to spend that much money on one meal
 
 and thats not including tip
 
 44.00 this is stupid
 
 im not ordering two seperate orders thats stupid
 
 then order the second order with the free pizza
 
 if you order in two seperate orders
 
 .. order enough toget up to 25 points. 
 
 so bad
 
 MY HEAD HURTS
 
 XPENSIVE
 
 PIZZA LIKE 50 BUCKS
 
 I DONT WANT TO SPEND MONEY
 
 so call and order. :P
 
 time here
 
 not lunch. 
 
 see so then you should feed me
 
 cancelled.
 
 shouldnt you be in a meeting right now?
 
 fix it
 
 I dont feel good
 
 fix it fix it fix it
 
 sugary sugary ones
 
 so then just send me baked goods
 
 we dont have that in our garage
 
 I want the bakery section
 
 not the good parts
 
 and we have part of a grocery store in the garage. lol
 
 we aint that rich
 
 so you should send me the grocery store
 
 papa johns doent have what I want and I dont want chinese forod and I cant walk to the grocery store with all the kids
 
 well its true
 
 lol
 
 it stoo much money and they dont deliver the pastrys and the sour cream chips or eclairs
 
 I dont want to spend money
 
 I can't do anything from here. lol
 
 order food. 
 
 seeeeyyyymore feeeds me
 
 feed me 
 
 Is icky caxa
 
 you want food
 
 get food. lol
 
 lol
 
 cause im preggo so I want all the food
 
 big waste money 
 
  waste money
 
 if you order piezza you no cook for kids. :P\n
 
 sleep  wantr
 
 fuck sick fuck
 
 and coffeee
 
 and chips
 
 also I want danishes
 
 no fair
 
 you get to go out nice place eat
 
 i have to cook for kids 
 
 whatever your an asshole and I hate y ou
 
 yumm
 
 thats indiscruptive
 
 its only 9$ for all you can eat
 
  pasta place
 
 would rather get chicken from store r burgers
 
 I might go to the pasta place for lunch. 
 
 waste money though
 
 cant cook
 
 i might oder pizza for luncgh
 
 kk
 
 kk so just water and insurance left
 
 phones
 
 gas
 
 electric
 
 internet paid
 
 paid
 
 Account #: 786545717 Phone #: 5202709386 Edit payment information \nTRANSACTION RECORD Reference #: Authorization code #: \nPAYMENT\nAmount: $370.20 Date: Feb 1
 
 2013 Transaction type: Airtime Payme
 
 imma curl up i think until i hs to feed kidsi dislike the flu
 
 I feel like death and so do they poor sopha soph
 
 fucking kids
 
 kk well well pay it when you get home
 
 computer wont let me load everything
 
 can pay the phone bill from here
 
 Username 5202709386 Password is Wright123
 
 tmobile login?
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 paid gas
 
 Amount due: $ 144.20 \nPayment due by: February 04
 
 2013
 
 I have 100.00
 
 the child supoorts
 
 for jan
 
 tep paid. 
 
 what moneys?
 
 I got my moneys
 
 and the tmobile cellphones are tmobile.com
 
 south west gas is swgas.com
 
 tep is big surprise tep.com
 
 youd think youd have it figured out
 
 youve been paying them for six months plus now
 
 the fact that you need websites means your stupid an innatentive
 
 anywho..
 
 and insurance have to do on phone
 
 internet it done 
 
 i need websites grr
 
 gas electric water insurance cellphones and internet
 
 pissin me off
 
 bankofamerica still wont let me log in
 
 the quote said 122$ a month
 
 I can't do insurance without calling. 
 
 what are the other bills I needed to pay
 
 good
 
 I have interwebs!!
 
 check the internet
 
 Sopjas amacking her noae
 
 Gtrt my tummy hirts owe
 
 I have no clue bofa is beibg stupid
 
 Kk
 
 hehe
 
 02/05/2013 ACH Credit US TREASURY 312: TAX REF [3 (Pending)   $7
 
291.00 N/A \n\n02/04/2013 ACH Credit KS DEPT OF REV: TAX REFUND [1 (Pending)   $1
 
624.00 N/A \n
 
 Grr 
 
 Idk 
 
 I thinks its only like 17$ or something
 
 how far are you neg?
 
 k
 
 71.00
 
 how much is it?
 
 Fine then pull out thw
 
monry and we will put it in my account so I can pay it....
 
 ever
 
 it will NOT let me pay it
 
 how many times can I say that
 
 and I can't do water
 
 paid it all
 
 Total Payment:  $238.88  
 
 Ok dont forfet the reat of the bills water electric crllphones gas and car insurance are coming out of your check
 
 I'm trying to pay the internet now. 
 
 I font like it
 
 Not neesed. My head is stuffy and I feel icky 
 
 650
 
 Mortal combat 2 and 3 arcade machine. lol 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3585961567.html
 
 102.6 lol not 106
 
 106.2 frver
 
 I just lsft him in his room\n
 
 time for elongated forner time. lol
 
 I walked in his room and said I can smell it whatever it I a hand it over and he looked at me and said he didnt have anytjing. His closet had two gatorade bottles renes pedyalite powder three candy c an es wrappers and book pagea turned inro paper wirplanes\n
 
 WTF...
 
 Adam swiped candy canes
 
 No the whole store I dont knoe what I wabt...
 
 and safeway. lol
 
 frys does
 
 lol
 
 Someone should deliver grocery stores
 
 Kids have tude im hibgry amd my head hurts
 
 Grr my head is pounding
 
 lol
 
 Mmmm I want a bucket redvined
 
 Fpod
 
 Love you
 
 Im hungru and tired fix it\n
 
 Bastard
 
 no money
 
 Bring god food
 
 Ooh and cupcakes and cookies and cake
 
 Im hingry. And gheres no fruit. I ate your pizza. And all my burgers I want apples and oranfes and they are no mofe
 
 Poor sopha 
 
 We are out of fruit:(
 
 weird.. 
 
 Alao my lips are numb
 
 Eh kk my head hurts and im sick...ivky caca
 
 I meant so I can call them and get the van before someone else buys it
 
 Im buyng the van anyway
 
 cuz yours will be in before mine
 
 they just posted the 15 pass van again
 
 so let me know as soon as your money comes in so I can call them. 
 
 Im sick
 
 Minimum payment due on 02/16/2013  $200.00     \n   Last payment received on 11/02/2012  $60.00     \n   Statement balance as of 01/21/2013  $1
 
432.12     \n   Current balance as of 01/31/2013  $1
 
432.12  \n
 
 Victoria Secret
 
 847 i think. 
 
  Plus next month
 
 Total amount due to make loan current  $3
 
534.76    Wells Fargo
 
 capital one card that would pay it down to 0$
 
 ?
 
 What we power our whats left
 
 So fick off
 
 TYou dont get to be mad at me. I have no clue wrf you r yalking about and yrird anyway \n
 
 $359.54 capital one
 
 GRR  I love you though
 
 I quit
 
 Ive got screamong kids a headache and this is pointless
 
 Uh no
 
 No links phone fucker do ot when you come home. 
 
 yes that box DOES NOT OPEN!  but that is the power supply
 
 that box itsself should have numbers on it
 
 can should be able to be removed from the computer 
 
 Icant open or take out the metal box ontop which os whay im assuminf yoir talking about so suck iy
 
 this is the power supply
 
 http://www.toomanymornings.com/?p=3786
 
 not a box to open. 
 
 grr... thats not the box
 
 Theres no box to ppen tard and I aint pulling it out I breal something uoill yell look I posted it dre
 
 if you open the box and you should be able to pull it out
 
 Grr yez there is a fucking fan there I cant see shit on the little box behind it
 
 do you know where you plug the cord in the back of the computer?
 
 Therea a fan
 
 grr :P
 
 No
 
 that is where the pwer cord plugs in on the back of the computer
 
 theres a box in it
 
 open it. 
 
 the computer on the floor
 
 Huh
 
 power box
 
 the thingy in the computer that you plug into the back of the computer. 
 
 No cause I have no clue wtf your talkung about and im icky
 
 can you look at the pwer supply in the computer next the the desk (the one we dont use. ) and tell me the model number off of the power supply?
 
 What in hell you need an ippd fot
 
 Also im outta coffee too :(
 
 Liks phone
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3582815432.html  look at this
 
 and I think I will make some money out of the stuff I get. HAHA
 
 I want to sleep all day. In jealous of adam
 
 text her
 
 leaving now
 
 Don\nt forget my mother
 
 Tired. Stupid tiredness never gets better
 
 Dont the damn phone auto corrects shit. 
 
 funny forget my moms?
 
 Funny forget my mom s
 
 Sophia has doahrea and a fever but shes in
 
a good mood
 
 Also sex ice doctor that order
 
 Also fuck sick fuck duck suck fuckick crying ow
 
 Well its true you know. Lack of organization and sense making is offensive to my brains. 
 
 lol
 
 I have no respect for your work as a functioning vusiness thing
 
 at work :P
 
 Fuck that want now
 
 I'd have to get ice first. but I also have tutoring tonight
 
 so its doubtful it would be before like 730 for either
 
 Not unless you brig me ice
 
 Tard face
 
 oh.. I have to steal your debit card tnight for gas
 
 I forgot it this morning
 
 lol
 
 Also sex ice and oxygen
 
 Stupid babies
 
 Also adam and lillilngloolm instead of living room gonna make me nuts
 
 Ur fault
 
 sowwy.. :'(
 
 Grrrr sick
 
 but squished lungs beginning permanent state of being till I evict twins
 
 no sex with squished lungs. :P
 
 And horny
 
  squished lungs
 
 Can't breathe
 
 Ice
 
 Also 
 
 I want snuggles and time for aental breakdown and a nap
 
 love you too :P
 
 Ysah cause ypur always trying to screw preggoa
 
 I'm used to dealing with prego hormones though
 
 :) mwah
 
 no its not im nitchy enough without hormlnes
 
 its ok
 
 Mwah
 
 Sorry I'm so cranky. I just dont feel well\n
 
 Dick
 
 HAHA I seeeee
 
 you dont wanna hang out with your mum all day? lol
 
 :P
 
 see picking her up pn way from work make
 
more sense
 
 ot nakes more sense for her to ride hwr bike
 
 I get off at 1230 tomorrow so I can pick her up
 
 its better than riding her bike. lol
 
 That makes no sense
 
 before work
 
 I can get her in the morning. 
 
 You have no damn money to biy thirty thousand dollars wortj of ganes tard
 
 Sorry im just stressed and cranky and tired. And I feel like crap and the kids are cranky. Do you think you'll have time to pick up mom tomorrow or will sge need to ride ger bike?
 
 Kl
 
 they said I an good for tomorrow. 
 
 Wtf does im good mean
 
 Ive gotten fired for less
 
 Its no way to run anything. 
 
 You should have been back at wo rv after rescuing tge kids had your lunch when adam go tv out then been sent back to work. And thay should have picked ypu up and droed ypu off you sjouldnt get a day off cause they are lazy
 
 Uh hih whatever. Your incompitent or the military is either way someone needa to be bitchslapped 
 
 I'm good
 
 and the next day was leave. which was either that or they had to pick me up
 
 and I got off the other day because the kids were stranded at a hotdog place. 
 
 I did ask last week
 
 and I got told 'depends on whats going on' 
 
 Now you sent an email now. You are fucking lucky your there you said youd see last fuxking thursday. Grrrrr you make me angry ypi know thay
 
 I sent an email so I should get an answer soon(ish)
 
 And that would mean ypu wouldnt hve time to change clothes
 
 Youd have to be here by 1:30 at latest
 
 how long does ti take to get form the house to UMC by 2pm
 
 so when would I have to be at the house?
 
 Yes hence me having to drive your car the sono at two and appt 3:15
 
 you have to be there tomorrow at 2pm?
 
 I'm not stupid you know. You do the absolute least you can unless it has something to so with you. You can get off work a full day with no notice to "work on the cars" but can't get off two hours early with a weeks notice...
 
 Ive worn your leather jacket everytime dumbass im not startonf it for no fucking reason. I know how to do it. It doesmt make it easier or keep me from getting hurt 
 
 jif you want
 
 we can try like once tonight. and wear my leather jacket when you try. 
 
 The sparks and I dont know I get zapped everytime I touch the fucking car. I hate tht car
 
 how do you get shocked. theres a handle.. I'm confused
 
 not uncaring
 
 Retarded asshole uncaring son of a bitch
 
 I KNOW HOW TO DO BUT IM FUXKING PREGNANT AND GETTING MYSELF ACHOCKED IS BAD AND SINCE I GET SHOCKED TOICHING AN OUTLET JUMP STARTING A FUCKING CAR MEANS IT HAPPENS AND T HURTS. AFTER GETTING SHCOKED THREE TIMES I STOP
 
 we'll have 'car starting' lessons tonight
 
 Its your fault. I told you a week ago I'd need a ride and that it was important and instead of trying to figure it out you ignored it. and left me to flounder and try to get a babysitter and a damn ride. It w ould serve you right if you get sick and have to go pick up you r stupid car.
 
 wtf? I barely understood any of that... and what is an atupod car?
 
 Its ypur failt. Ypive known for a week that I need a ride and that it was omportnt but instead of dealing woth it you ignored it. And left me to flounser and tey to figure it out. It serves you right if you get sick and hve to go save ypir atupod car too
 
 :P
 
 Idiot
 
 And if I get stick youll have to rise to umc and get your car. 
 
 hence me saying fuck. Yeah thats not gobna happen. Yoyll just havw to ride ypur bike 
 
 and if you have to take the car
 
 I could  pick up your mum at like 6am. lol so I can get dropped off at work. 
 
 I already did idiot
 
 its either
 
 my car
 
 or matt. you should call him today
 
 Which isn't good cause with my bp I eeally beed to go. Fuck. I guess I have to take your car. 
 
 Ill just have to cancel I think. 
 
 He can say no if hea soing something else. You  arent stupid so stop being stupod
 
 he can't say no. lol his 'girl' is livin with ur mum
 
 I guesa I can ask matt...thats pretty much only option. If he says no ill have to cancel appts
 
 Iy is for me it sparks and clunks and makes smrlls and zaps me 
 
 She already said yeah.
 
 its not that hard. lol
 
 It took me twenty minutes to start the car at tmc as it is. That car and me...we dont miz
 
 so ur mum's gonna watch the kids?.... hmm.... 
 
 If you cant get off then I have to find a ride. Or cancel the appts. 
 
 then how are we getting you there?
 
 That does me no good. The damn ghetto car wont work for me and me and tje car will end up stuck at umc. You cant ride your bike or you will end up sick. \nYou leavong yoir car is pointless and stupid
 
 looks like I'm leaving the car then
 
 since Dom hasn't switched the starter. 
 
 Need a ride to and from appt tomorrow my appts at two. 
 
 its yummy food stuff with high goodness
 
 well save that link for when we have internet. 
 
 Link phone stupod 
 
 http://health.yahoo.net/articles/nutrition/photos/best-foods-every-vitamin-and-mineral#0
 
 3500
 
 did we budget in 3K or 3500 for the STAR?
 
 lol
 
 dropped my comptuer down to 2200$ :)
 
 I want cuddles
 
 Ive got to get miley to print stuff for me if its still pendomg wed or im gonna have to write a two hundred dollar check
 
 go down there
 
 and raise hades (so he can raise hell. lol)
 
 I ask ready sent in proof of pregnancy tpo so yhey best hruuy
 
 I thought you said. website. lol
 
 I just said I just got off the phone. I said om preggo with twins and reallyneed to see the doctor asap. So he sent them an asap email. 
 
 call the office and bitch
 
 A momth I reapplied for me the 21st. 
 
 like 2 months now
 
 how long has it been??
 
 Stupid insurance. Finally gor through and the damn shit is all like.....oh well
 
 we dont need anything were still processing relly fuckers....
 
 :P
 
 Phooooonnneee not doing linka how many times do I have to say that?
 
 the Upull in tucson. 
 
 http://www.upiautoparts.com/tucson/location.htm  
 
 leaving now
 
 if its gonna take an hour
 
 than ya
 
 I'll be there before that. 
 
 Should I call cheri tell her cancel?
 
 taking today off
 
 I'm putting in for leave then I'm coming there. 
 
 Matts at qork. Cheris coming so in about an hr I should have a jump....maybe linget
 
  Imma try matt
 
 After why the fuck does that matter
 
 before or after dropping off adam?
 
 Kolb 22nd
 
 she's the only one I can think of? so where are you at?
 
 Shes not andwerinf ALSEEP
 
 she's the only one with a large enough vehicle. 
 
 make her ass get up
 
 call linds
 
 she has a van
 
 Fuck im screwed
 
 wtf?
 
 And now the vans dead
 
 is it cooled down yet?
 
 Who else is gone to do it? Mikey school mom work linds sleep 
 
 and why  were you the one driving?
 
 grarg
 
 And the battery light ia on so I stole moms charger
 
 I dont know but im sitting wiyh the kida at weinerschnitzel parking loy
 
 :P
 
 it never does any of this to me
 
 no one ever allowed to drive van again
 
 how the fuck?
 
 Van overheated
 
 Dorl
 
 I made that last night
 
 Sure had time to make cure on computer but not to clean after dog uh huh
 
 I feel icky
 
 8915 total
 
 putting in for filing now. 
 
 No platin shes like billy over it quick
 
 ouch.. poor baby. she sleepin? lol
 
 Her vaccines she missed the six month appt
 
 ouch. for what?
 
 Four shots
 
 And then appt at three fifteen
 
 No pics ahe was just checkonhheaet beats
 
 Appt next week sono for sex too and im now on blood pressure meds.  You migjt want to come next week sonos at two
 
 pictures of ultrasound :).. 
 
 pictures of ultrasound :)
 
 Drops fucking 10/10 the min I lie down lpl
 
 I huess she wants to do an ultrasound and send me for 24 hr pee
 
 sounds like they have a right to be flipping out. 
 
 Yeah and its high after an hr sitting in lobby
 
 it seems to be a reoccuring issur fo ryou
 
 good. 
 
 Yes I ate
 
 They are freaking about my blpod pressure
 
 ?
 
 did you eat anything this morning?
 
 yeah fuck. I  hate this sp sick. Youshould be here to make better
 
 I love you hun.. :(
 
 And god im sick
 
 Sad. I need you. Grer im sitying at doca and she is running begins and im sick and sophs app is at one and adams out at 1:45 and fucked I am
 
 the trumpet mechanic is out. he just got an additional duty dropped on him at work
 
 so he doesnt have the spare time for either currently
 
 Did you ask about tomorrow. Im assumig the answer would be no but it would be easier 
 
 Wall and I dont have the patience for links on phone
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep1r0unWkYc
 
 wwal?
 
 8350 your taxes 1000.00 outs your paycheck. Il have about six hundeed.lefr but the wwall gas for cars and xarinsurance
 
 y not? just saved like 600$ on the VS card. 
 
  We wrong end up being able to get yoi divotced
 
 i guessed almost dead on for the mortgage. lol
 
  Yep
 
 we also need to get insurnace on all the cars. 
 
 that saves like 650$
 
 so we can pay like half of VS
 
 before she loses the insurnace
 
 i gave them to her
 
 she was making a doc apopintment
 
 The utilities come out of your pay check plus phone and ibternet. Then everything else comes strom my moneys
 
 So we dont pay off vs all the way
 
 You rwife meeds the last fpir of yoir soc to go doc
 
 not counting yours. 
 
 9200 for th ebills I just listed. lol
 
  Then can nisan mikey and double mint
 
 Cox is like 250. Tmobile electric gas water 
 
 (not counting the 847$ on the first)
 
 $3
 
534.76  Mortgage to make it current 
 
 I can't log onto the wells fargo for some reason from here. page not loading
 
 what other bills are there to catch up?
 
 $1
 
432.12  Victoria Secret
 
 $324.54 Capital One
 
 $3
 
044.44   STAR Card
 
 i gots an adam
 
 it hurts so fucking bad
 
 idk 
 
 we did have 6
 
 we can'tfind them all thats why I dotn know
 
 if you dont know that....
 
 why in hell would I know that
 
 total.
 
 do you know how many 360 controllers we have?
 
 and no one is here to baby me
 
 remphasizing cause i hurt
 
 I feel like carp
 
 also
 
 ice in insulated cup....cold till tomorrow
 
 thick means stays cold longer. 
 
 ice duh and icky thick
 
 something cold
 
 slushie
 
 hmm.. drink something thick. and cold. (milk if we had it. )
 
 lol
 
 Id be afraid it would start a fire
 
 its making me nuts
 
 IT wont go away
 
 IVE BEEN SITTING AND LAYING DOWN ALL DAY
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3490124655.html lol
 
 sit down
 
  high blood pressure
 
 
 
 im really dizzy and my head is pounding
 
 no
 
 Love you.. feel any better&gt;?
 
 the top 55gal drum would be what we would need. :)
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/grd/3449705264.html
 
 I really really dont feel good. fuck. sophi is sleeping down stairs
 
 what to make for lunch?
 
 the house is soo o not getting cleaned today
 
 i cant stop puking and hurting and sophia wont stop crying the poor bby
 
 omg
 
 oh and the 71.00 isnt due till the 29th
 
 poor sopha every time she farts she cries
 
 and i have 80.00
 
 paid 70 on water. Now we owe 71
 
 I got you a deadhead bear a beaver and a kitty
 
 jeezus
 
 my stomach is killing me
 
 you have issues
 
 50 gallon drum
 
 and a water drum for captains food 
 
 but we need somwhere for it
 
 like the flour
 
 so I can buy in bulk
 
 we ened to get barrels for salt
 
 sugar
 
 flour
 
 and brown sugar. 
 
 oh and celery
 
 ok so we need:\nmilk
 
 pickle relish
 
 bread
 
 enchilada sauce
 
 creamcheese
 
 bagels
 
 flour tortillas
 
 shredded cheese (i wanna make enchiladas) onions
 
 potatoes
 
 tomatos
 
 (i assume well get most of the veggies in the bb) brown sugar
 
 and anything else you can think of we are out of
 
 emotionally or physically
 
 today is just a bad day. I dont feel well
 
 uh huh so you say
 
 love you
 
 I dont hate you :P
 
 I also typo'd the word you :P
 
 and Im tired cause I was up like 15 times last night
 
 also I feel yucky and sopha hurts and is crankers still. Shes all better but shes in a mood. Which is understandable
 
 Wait why is there a question mark? Se you do hate me
 
 you are in a weird mood
 
 I dont hate youo?
 
 its weird
 
 you hate me
 
 and I cant keep up 
 
 Im in a weird mood
 
 I dont know
 
 y?
 
 ya
 
 you dropped adam off with linds right?
 
 :(
 
 poor baby
 
 shes still cranker but shes def feeling better
 
 school
 
 584-5000
 
 All you know is when im with you I make you free\nAnd swim through your veins like a fish in the sea\nI'm singing.... Follow me\nEverything is alright\nI'll be the one to tuck you in at night\nAnd if you want to leave\nI can guarantee\nYou won't find nobody else like me 
 
 and cuddles
 
 and I want a sandwhich
 
 and I hate you today cause its thursday
 
 from subway
 
 also I want a sandwhich
 
 shes closer
 
 she has a house
 
 so :P on your hormones
 
 and you're moms not an adult and she has a house
 
 doesnt matter
 
 only single people and kids live in apartments
 
 so :P :P :P
 
 until bill lost his job in Mo
 
 and she did live in a house. 
 
 she doesnt have any money :P
 
 just sharing
 
 r eal adults live in houses
 
 that video I just posted.. my mom lives in that complex. lol
 
 whoopdy dooper loopdy looper alliooper bounce
 
 and then sex
 
 IWANTSANDWHICH!!
 
 the van just hates me. Maybe its because it was so cold in the past few mornings when I started it...IDK
 
 ok....
 
 :D
 
 ok?
 
 good.. MINE
 
 havent tyouched them so like ten?
 
 hotwings?
 
 the one piece im eating
 
 how much pizza is left?
 
 &lt;3
 
 with mystery seeds
 
 new Pot farm picture
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3552184824.html
 
 making up for the past three plus months in one large boost of hormone
 
 im jeezus
 
 im distracted
 
 uh huh okay 
 
 and it was only 500 off of this paycheck
 
 I didn't Blow... 
 
 and its not somehow. You blew 1000.00 on a car
 
 granted I got to use a big hunk of it to pay the water bill
 
 its we are always broke
 
 life. I get money tomorrow
 
 no
 
 is it the 24th yet?
 
 somehow we're broke again
 
 bow to my wims of food and nudity
 
 you should be
 
 haha.. I'm sorry hun
 
 wish I was there to 'appease' you hehe
 
 and see if I can find something I want to eat
 
 I gots to go feed the brats 
 
 hormones lol
 
 that would be my point
 
 however now Im in the mood and hungry
 
 normally it involves manipulation
 
 lying
 
 and money. lol
 
 thats why I was like.......k
 
 my stuff never involves 'tickling' lol
 
 Which is mainl;y funny cause its "that" website that i told you keeps popping up when I type shit
 
 I dont know its got tickling
 
 so no clue
 
 I never typed anything about tickling
 
 when they were supposed to be cleaning
 
 for opening the back door
 
 I was putting aol into the thing and a website popped up and it said czech and tickling them.........your a strange man.
 
 and y boys in trouble?
 
 tickling them? HUH
 
 also the boys are in trouble
 
 after tickling them....seriously? you are a strange strange little man
 
 I want a subway twelve inch sub. Italian Bmt with pepperoncinis lettuce
 
 tomato
 
 onion
 
 bell peppers
 
 oil and vinegar and mustard on white bread.
 
 cause you know Im not adams mom so I have no say so far as the school district is concerned
 
 moms supposed to watch the kids for me anyway
 
 thats why I was saying maybe Wednesday
 
 after Sophias appt
 
 or before my 11 am appt
 
 you have to go down and talk to them for adam
 
 I cant until I go down to the school and I can only do Rene Marie.
 
 well get on that. HAHA
 
 If you choose a school through Open Enrollment
 
 your child may be eligible for transportation under the provisions in the district's Post Unitary Plan. If you reside in the attendance area of a school belonging to a different school group from the school your child attends
 
 then your child is eligible for transportation
 
 providing you meet the qualifications listed above from Policy EEA. 
 
 and no why would we have to pay? and thats cause they get free lunch
 
 (and have we gotten anything for lunch 'owing' yet)
 
 why? There are only like four school districts in tucson metro
 
 maybe five
 
 do we have to pay for the bus?
 
 but at this point I would rather the bus than lindsey
 
 ya'll are weird then. 
 
 tghe only reasno the kids werent already riding the bus is Im really not trusting that they wont get into trouble
 
 We are IN THE DISTRICT. we arent in the schools area. There is a bus route out here and they put Adam on a bus the first day remember. They have his address....the majority of Tucson is TUSD. Until you get way north. 
 
 doesnt have a bus route out here for that shcool
 
 with the problem
 
 WE ARENT IN DISTRICT
 
 That idea of Rachels was actually good
 
 that way we dont have to leave the kids with someone incompitent and we dont have to worry about the cars working or not
 
 It would make me want to buy the kids fireflies though
 
 but Adam would destroy his and Rene would try to use hers all the time and get it taken away
 
 I dont know I just get pigs
 
 yeah
 
 shes being kinda crazy anyway. So Im supposed to convince my ex husband to let me change schools
 
 reenroll the children in a new school
 
 get the bus schedules set up and send them off to school on TUESDAY. yeah thats practical. Next year though busses. And actually
 
 I should go in
 
 say that we moved and see if we can set up getting the kids on the bus. Maybe on Wednesday if Sophias appt gets ouit soon enough. It would actually be better. I dont want them on the bus
 
 but its better then freaking every day
 
 how the hell do you keep getting piggies
 
 on your post?
 
 did you see what I responded to Rachel?
 
 yeah probably
 
 k
 
 guess I'm taking it back to the mechanic. unless I get that email back
 
 I dont fucking know
 
 it also says its going 70 miles a fucking hour at a stand still and its not quite a rev noise
 
 kind of a static rev evil doom noise. It might be a short somewhere from when they installed the steering column. It seems to drive fine
 
 but I just dont want to chance it with all the kids in the car. cause if it breaks down Id be fucked there is no one to rescue me
 
 that sounds like the transmission now. .. 
 
 then I have three days to figure out what in hell we are going to do. I tried taking him once saundra woke up but the damn van is being stupid. So even if I feel okay I cant drive the fucking thing since its reving even while still in park
 
 got lindsey situated to take adam to school tomorrow so youll have to wake up early and Mike is going to pick him up for me
 
 why does double mints make me crave bar foods?
 
 and french fries
 
 and a hamburger
 
 and soda with ice cubes
 
 I really want hot wings
 
 ooh hot wings
 
 and I feel like crap and its all your fault
 
 also gatorade is not food
 
 it tastes gross fridge needs a new filter
 
 still tastes nasty no matter what i put in the ice
 
 hmm ice
 
 and gatoraide
 
 IM HUNGRY AND WHY DOES OUR ICE TASTE YUCKY I WANT ICE
 
 and just give you like ten bucks a week
 
 I want to take your cards away and tell you NO
 
 well your urge to blow money on random crap including your continual stops at the friggin thrift store makes me nuts
 
 &lt;(")
 
 :P:P:P:P
 
 I dont want to look at more
 
 im getting mad that your even stupid enough to window shop for this shit
 
 no
 
 youve priced before
 
 it was still too much. Im too cheap for that shit. One of these days youll buy it anyway cause youll magically find the mopney and Ill kick your fucking ass.but if you buy it at a time like now when even with the taxes we DONT have that kind of money to blow I swear to god ill run away
 
 put this in 1A0E18
 
 go back to the site and click load config 
 
 fine I'll price self building it (ms... Just pay someone to do stuff.. )
 
 this computer may be slow but it works and the only time it pisses me off is when its starting up. now my biggest issue is with the mouse
 
 so its a waste
 
 so then I wouldnt have a computer and you have no NEED for it
 
 fuck no 
 
 I would never touch anything that cost that damn much for stupid
 
 I WOULDNT TOUCH IT
 
 this one wont be
 
 you bitch cuz ours is slow
 
 still dumb
 
 until they get legite nano tech
 
 you wont beat it
 
 this is the 8 core processor
 
 
 
 and I would be afraid to touch it wich means I would end up without a computer
 
 therefore it is a useless waste of money
 
 we have no need for a computer that advanced
 
 or they upgrade somthing
 
 yeah right
 
 until you see one you qwant more
 
 lol
 
 never have to buy a comptuer again
 
 :P
 
 as fuck and stupid
 
 insane
 
 your delusional
 
 you bout a 4
 
000.00 computer id fucking sell everything you own to make up the cost
 
 then return the fucking computer and buy a two hundred ollar one
 
 $3711\n
 
 clicked the other wone that is 4000.00 ha your fucking hilarious
 
 HAHA
 
 HAHA you're bitching..... thats not even the one I built
 
 tchnically 579.00 too much since we dont NEED a computer
 
 579.00 which is still about 279.0-0 too much
 
 what was the price on the one you viewed?
 
 which one did you look at?
 
 and you hav no need for something that expensive except that you "want it"
 
 especially when we have a working computer
 
 still too much
 
 and if I order it
 
 peice by piece it could shave off about1K off the price
 
 thats it
 
 maybe a new mouse and a new hardrive
 
 I dont honestly think we need a new computer
 
 it still works.
 
 yeah I owuld bitch
 
 but this one works. Its got quirks but so fucking what
 
 and yes I could get a perfectly ok computer
 
 you bitch abour our computer and its almost a grand
 
 so you arguing still does nothing as thats twice what I would spend
 
 and you konw that
 
 that had internet
 
 YOU CANT GET ANY KIND OF 'OK' COMPTUER FOR 300$!
 
 and personally I would spend 150 on the cheapest thing ever I could find
 
 i sell cadi
 
 all my xbox's 
 
 and my soul
 
 thats it
 
 no more
 
 you can spend 300 dollars on a computer
 
 yes sell cadi still no
 
 no
 
 I sell cadi. :D
 
 but but but but but... but but but but but... but but but but but.....
 
 im hungry and I want ice cubes and a nap
 
 No you fucking weird o we dicdnt win the dam lottery
 
 thats what I told him
 
 and that daddy had already told him so that him throwing a fit was ridiculous and baby like
 
 hehe click my link I posted. lol
 
 he knows sylvia. 
 
 (yes that includes billy and saundra)
 
 cause pansy ass little bitches are pissing me off today
 
 and then he cried and I told him to go away
 
 he said that it ws different and he was afraid. I told him that everything is different all the time
 
 but thats a silly reason to be afraid and tht no matter who we send to pick him up that they will bring him home everytime. 
 
 and eating comes first currently
 
 ya.. but we can only work on one thing at a time hun
 
 its kind of ridiculous
 
  hes really got to stop this
 
 I know. he started telling Mrs. Palmer she was wrong when she was on the phone with me
 
 I told him he has to deal no matter who drops him off or picks him up
 
 adam threw a fit this mornign because lindsey dropped him off and this afternon because nana picked him up
 
 lol
 
 and irritating
 
 she is sick
 
 wow. 
 
 Your daughter just burst into tears because I asked her to turn down the volume on the tv. she decided she would rather stand in the corner than go push a button
 
 dont have your card and the only delivery is pizza
 
 584-5000
 
 my card
 
 order
 
 whats that number?
 
 cant
 
 no $$$
 
 now....
 
 when do they get out?
 
 crap... i never called the school
 
 order food
 
 want food
 
 and Im hungry. I am very very very hungry
 
 also I really need to sleep. So damn bad
 
 I hate the whole wide world it is made of poo
 
 trhen I would beat them
 
 and Rene would start arguing with me about shit
 
 Adam pretends to be stupid and I  would just give up and tell him if he wanted to he could be stupid
 
 well its true 
 
 haha
 
 and I have no patience for teaching Adam any of it
 
 and Id probably lose patience with rene in two days
 
 thats it
 
 reading writing and arithmatic and science
 
 no cause its unimportant in real life 
 
 it would be in homeschool :P
 
 :P
 
 mechanical apptitude isnt taught in school
 
 dog evil
 
 next year if Mikey is still going to be useless they are soooo riding the bus
 
 I know worst comes to worst that my mom would pick them up from school fro me if she had a car
 
 but thats it. 
 
 which means if I get put on bedrest we are fucking screwed up a damn wall
 
 fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
 
 fuck
 
 Mikey and I had a text convo and basically even if he had a car
 
 he couldnt do it anyway because he stays late at school and his school starts at 8 so thats useless. mom works
 
 kris works
 
 lindsey is useless and htere really is no one else
 
 Im fucked
 
 I hate the world and it should die
 
 HAHA
 
 your a boy
 
 why your an idiot boy sare stupid
 
 if you go that... you have to do sparklers
 
 tennis ball 
 
 and poppers.shave the sparklers.drill hole in tennis ball. mis the poppers (snappers whatever they are called)with the sparkler shavings
 
pour into tennis ball.and if you throw it hard enough
 
 it should cause a spark for the snappers/poppers
 
 and create a napalm/spark firebomb.
 
 I put this....
 
 thats not a good thing
 
 hmm.. think I just gave my brother an idea for a bomb........ :/
 
 and my doctor isnt at the pediatricians
 
 duh
 
 because Sophias pediatrician isnt at the hospital....
 
 why can't they both be at the hospital
 
 (buildings)
 
 why are they two different places?
 
 at tucson central pediatrics
 
 her apt no. Mine is at UMC which is campbell and speedway
 
 hers is at alvernon and grantish
 
 same place?
 
 caus eshe needs her shots. Shes 3 months behind
 
 hopefully mine doesnt end up running too late
 
 yes mine is at 11 hers is at 1
 
 ya. dont you and sophia have an appointment?
 
 I told you Soph has an appt next wed right?
 
 584-5000
 
 10 mystery seeds and the phone number is...
 
 'what was the maintanance treat from Pot farm? lol (new photo on their page)
 
 whats their number?
 
 so he doesnt flip balls again on her
 
 very much so instead of calling the school to say lindsey call to say sylvia so he knows nana is picking him up
 
 how do you like me comment on your status update?
 
 I dont think I can handle her waching the kids for two weeks
 
 yeah but thats not for another two weeks
 
 new van with taxes
 
 if he messages me back
 
 and ill fucking drive him to and from school
 
 we just have to fix the van.
 
 which doesnt help anything
 
 and lindsey if she were a decent babysitter I wouldnt worry so much but her daughter is practicaly ferral in that house
 
 I'm tempted to walk through the house
 
 and bulldoze clean it. 
 
 i know
 
 all I keep thinking about is the state of my mothers house. Its raising my blood pressure more than picking him up and dropping him off would
 
 Im too paranoid
 
 I think Im going to start driving again. We just have to get the van working. I cant deal with her "watching" them.
 
 and I'll drop off a pack of smokes or something after I get off work. 
 
 lol make sure linds knows. 
 
 im going to have sylvisa pick him up today. fuck it
 
 and mikey can drive that
 
 beater
 
 
 
 but it would be nice to fix the cadi starter.. sell it before it dies again. and get another little gas saver
 
 or cadi (starter hopefully)
 
 but I figure I'd get the nissan running 'well' (tuneup) before tackeling the van. 
 
 once we get the cars going
 
 yup
 
 which we can do if we dont have another choice
 
 but...it still sucks
 
 so he would have to pick them up from us and then take them to moms and have lindsey walk them anyways
 
 mikey can pick them u pfrom our house
 
 and take them from moms to our house but he cant take them to school or pick them up from school. his school starts at 8.
 
 working on it. :P
 
 which would be better an dyou know it. we just need to get the cars working
 
 lol
 
 wed still have lindsey babysit but only for like an hour one day a week and five ten minutes the rest of the time
 
 cause if we could let mikey use one of the cars that would really help. then I could even make mikey pick up the kids from the house
 
 so they wouldnt have to get up as early and there wouldnt be a smuch time at moms
 
 until I teach the mechanic. lol
 
 but only two work.
 
 one of which currently works
 
 we have three cars. lol
 
 and would still involve lindsey picking them up since mikey gets out at the exact same time and has clubs and shit after school
 
 well
 
 if we could get a car for mikey we could have him watch the kids in the morning
 
 drive them to school. lindsey pick them up after school and then mikey take them from the moms to us but that would incolve mikey having a car
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdbHiDnbhb0
 
 if you dont want him there than help me try to come up with something else instead of making pointless comments
 
 stop being an ass
 
 just sayin
 
 the first time adam gets into something
 
 or takes apart the stove
 
 microwave
 
 etc.. I'm not paying for it. 
 
 If you can come up with something that doesnt involve a slut in our house Ill take it
 
 I know which is why I dont like her doig it which is why I havent brough up permanency and am still trying to come up with something else I just cant. Everyone else is orking or in school. 
 
 which worries me..... 
 
 and she doesnt have to really do anything except walk
 
 you know adam will run like kayhlen over that house
 
 she's getting 200 a month. ish
 
 4 pakcs at 50
 
 thats fifteen hours a week
 
 sixty hours a month which at minimum wage is $435.00 so two packs or even four packs a month at 45.00 a piece is still a fuck of a bargain
 
 I guess I'll stop by the commisary after work. 
 
 :P
 
 for babysitting a minimum of three hours a day five days a week. you can suck it up
 
 since mine are like 3-4$
 
 well almost 3 times.
 
 but I'm a little perturbed about spending twice as much on her smokes as mine
 
 they have regulars in that brand too. lol
 
 your funny
 
 and adam calls her elisindsey. haha
 
 I was gonna see if I could get away with buying her that pack I got Elise
 
 same as I did
 
 damn
 
 marlboro 27s
 
 no
 
 does she smoke menthol?
 
 and thats when he decided that school was not in his plans for the day
 
 ahh ok. so she actually did her job for once. 
 
 and they were definitely outside
 
 I could hear the wind so they were either on their way to school or at the school
 
 I told her he doesnt start school till 8:25. He already ate breakfast this morning and its cold outside and hed want to play
 
 804?  and she didnt' call earlier&gt;?
 
 Lindsey just called me so I could talk to Adam. He didnt want to go to school he wanted to go home. I told him to suck it up
 
 stop throwing a fit
 
 tell aunt lindsey sorry and get his ass to school. 
 
 uh huh
 
 MWAH! 
 
 shit that I cant really do since I cant move around too much
 
 uh huh how would she get here and home? huh? huh? uh huh exactically. I know but you could start trying to help by doing shit that your supposed to already like the front yard
 
 the backyard
 
 garbage
 
 recycling
 
 the load of dishes you promised me...you know basic shit
 
 and I said WHILE I WAS AT WORK! 
 
 and you can tell I'm grasping at straws for ideas now. which involved putting you two in a house together
 
 alone
 
 so I cant keep you from killing her
 
 uh huh stop thinking with your penis
 
 just an idea:P
 
 also last time she got payed to "clean" she mopped the kitchen floor....thats it
 
  and I odnt even like her watching my kids let alone in my house with me
 
 your fucking funny
 
 shes useless
 
 pay linds to come clean? (while I'm at work)
 
 no Im just hormonal and sick of trying to take care of everything (cause even when you try to help at home you really suck at doing basics like garbage and recycling &lt;3) and then you and mom yelling at me because Im not taking care of myself. I cant do both and I refuse to live in a hell hole like my mother. This house is already a hell hole so far as Im concerned
 
 I just tend to suck at trying apparently :P
 
 I know.... I'm trying..... 
 
 but I would rather come up with the money then spend more time trying to bedrest myself (partially per your orders) and watch the kids/take care of the house
 
 I know your tryuing to get the cars fixed
 
 which we need
 
 seriously
 
 did you missread that part?
 
 you know you doing more shit
 
 even if its to "help" doesnt really help me any
 
 I'm trying to get the cars fixed
 
 Dondon is gonna be pissed and I dont care. HAHA
 
 its just more time that I am on my own attempting to not move while watching the kids
 
 you know you doing more shit
 
 even if its to "help" doesnt really help me any
 
 whatever
 
 okay
 
 looks like Mon and Wed evenings are when the mechanic has available
 
 I can't exactly give her a def time every day
 
 rolled her eyes. etc.. 
 
 and she wasn't happy. lol
 
 I told her it depends on work. 
 
 she also asked when I was picking him up. 
 
 anywho yous hould talk to her about regularity and payment when you pick him up otdya
 
 your attentive
 
 wow
 
 only 11 minutes difference in there 
 
 like 650 or 701
 
 lmao
 
 well you probably got there before seven
 
 hoped
 
 what did you think it was suddenly going to be clean
 
 we already knew the house was a mess
 
 mikey woke up to answer the door
 
 she wasn't awake
 
 yes yes it is
 
 and it got me out of th ehouse faster. that house is fucked up
 
 thats sooo much better
 
 uh huh using your kid to feel a cchick up
 
 so :P
 
 me and adam gave her a hug
 
 you were hugging to see how far you could get
 
 and I know you
 
 you werent hugging to get out of payment
 
 
 
 I didnt do anything wrong
 
 
 
 and hormones make me nutser
 
 it makes me nuts
 
 dude you fucking horn dog son of a bitch stop seriously fucking stop
 
 I planned that out on the way over there. lol
 
 (haha  the hug got me out of talking about payment)  
 
 and left. 
 
 gave her a hug
 
 said thank you because she knew we didn't have another option. 
 
 nope
 
 did you talk to lindsey about smokes or whatever?\n
 
 yeah i told her that he gets out at 1:45 today. dont forget to call the school or something and tell them lindsey is picking him up
 
 does lindsey know they get off early?
 
 fuck
 
 My stomach hurts
 
 so doubtful question that youll have the 23rd off?
 
 I dont feel well at all
 
 I made pork for dinnerjust have to make sides
 
 fu
 
 no
 
 Mwah
 
 ugugugugugug
 
 ugugugugug
 
 ugh ug ug
 
 uh huh sure
 
 so he probably didnt' want to just sign on and say (i can fix that)
 
 since its a whole system
 
 he would have to trouble shoot first. 
 
 he was probably talking about the power steering. 
 
 any decent mechanic could do any of that
 
 then hes useless
 
 Most of it.
 
 and he said he can do most of that
 
 I need to replace my starter on my 89 cadillac (under the passanger seat)
 
 replace my starter on my 87 nissan 200sx (relatively easy)
 
 figure out whats wrong with my power steering on my 88 Safari
 
 as well as a general tune up on my nissan
 
 and replacing the driver side window motor.\n
 
 true. he said he can do most of the stuff I discussed
 
 lets face it don don is uesless
 
 well thats better than don don
 
 sorry Don Don.   
 
 bartering trumpet lessons for a mechanic. LMAO
 
 pansy
 
 HAHA
 
 sylvia is picking up Rene. Rene decided that she would rather be the only sick baby at nanas then one of many sick babies at momie
 
 CAUSE THEY TELL THE TRUTH
 
 I LOVE CONSPIRACY NUTS
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3Ya5qiiW6k right up your alley
 
 and that old lady should not be driving and I would only have made it ten miles before turning around and going NOPE
 
 my appt is at 11:00 on wedsnesday the 23rd Sophia has an appt at 1 on wednesday the 23rd and she has to be there at 12:50
 
 http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/sideshow/woman-drives-900-miles-gps-error-181605523.html  ITS YOU!  lol jk jk
 
 s
 
 when I pick them up. same thing
 
 and make sure they gives hugs and kisse. 
 
 I'll walk in. say hi. tell them to go see lindsey
 
 I'm not that nice. 
 
 not really. you send the kids in the house when you drop them ofdf and say here time to go from the livingroom wheb you pick them up
 
 she does know she'll see me every day right? lol
 
 shes stupid head and thats how she talks
 
 kI dont know
 
 'think' I can do that?!
 
 I dk
 
 well tomorrow or theday after or whatever. You might be able to call them 
 
 and when I get out of work
 
 the school will be empty
 
 we just discussed why i needed to talk to her and she was likeyeah...I think I can do tht
 
 never do
 
 dont have time
 
 you could do adam on the way home
 
 rene?
 
 so how did that conversation go? LMFAO
 
 you have to go down to the school to do it
 
 kk now how and when to do the damn listy thingy
 
 and I also told her they probably arent going to school till thursday
 
 seing as how they have all been napping since 10:30 and are still out
 
 but if we want her to pick them up we have to put her on the listy thing
 
 She says shell do it
 
 Lindsey just called me
 
 I think I'm going to message Kris saying he can ask her for us. Or i can stop by after tutoring at the house
 
 and bring it up in person. 
 
 fukc
 
 I really dont want to tlak to liindsey
 
 fuck
 
 I really Really really dont feel good
 
 jackpot seed reward. lol
 
 your a total and complete fucking nerd
 
 for  a screen shot
 
 and surround it by whatever grows fast. 
 
 hmm. makes me want to  plant the word pineapple in pineapple express's. lol
 
 GROWING CONTEST!\n\nHey dudes! Farmer Floyd's hosting an Island party and he needs a ton of Pineapple Express for his guests. Load up your farms with Pineapple Express
 
 take a screenshot
 
 and post it in the comments below
 
 and we'll pick our favorite 3 for a Jackpot Seed bounty!\n\nGood luck
 
 and here's some to get you started: http://bit.ly/PineappleS\n   \n\nPot Farm
 
 Kris does if he has more than himself to cook for. He cooked all the time when they were living together. he has a spare bedroom. She likes the closet. And she cant be as neglected in a tiny apartment with both her parents home all day
 
 and like an animal at tanya's
 
 kaylen lives in a fucking cupboard at kris's
 
 neither of them cook
 
 no she wont
 
 
 
 no but she will be actually watched and fed and less neglected which is important
 
 at least with them apart we can play devils advacate
 
 but the two of them together
 
 means that Kayhlen will NEVER see the other kids. 
 
 They think so cause they are tarded. Thats why they are talking about it. And actually it might be. The two of them together are almost an actual friggin parent
 
 NOT BEST FOR KAYLEN!
 
 Pot farm new photo
 
 they are still in the back and forth thinking about it possibly yes possibly no maybe its best for kahlen stage
 
 no she's not
 
 I thought that was rumor
 
 shes back "with" my brother. which makes it yucky
 
 even if we didnt it would still be no
 
 I said if we didn't need her. :P
 
 Uh no cause your not allowed to buy her because it pisses me off and you keep not listening to me so all the soft nos became hard nos cause your an idiot
 
 if we didn't need her for the kids and school. I'd just wait
 
 buy her till she breaks
 
 and then admit her to a mental hospital
 
 Kris probably told her not to not linds. Or linds did before or I don know
 
 I dont care
 
 I dont want to be friends with her and if we didnt need someone for the kids I still wouldnt even think about talking to her so I dont care if she is five
 
 I'm tired of her 5y rold mentality
 
 Im just going to attempt to not get up as much as possible today
 
 since the kids are napping (except for Rene who is fighting sleep with all shes got) and probably will be for a while
 
 if its not done
 
 Imma raise hell
 
 it will probably done before your done with tutoring. 
 
 shes calling kris now 
 
 yeah I know. Its just how it is. Its that or mikey and mikey has school so unless we give him the van to drive he cant do it and he still cant pick them up cause he gets out exactly the same time as them
 
 fuck that. I'm going to the house tonight after tutoring
 
 mom doesnt actually know her number and is "not allowed to give it " to me so shes gonna call kris and get it and then call lindsey
 
 until mikey graduates
 
 the kids need school
 
 and you need less kids
 
 I dont care. 
 
 I can always steamroll her  with smokes and money
 
 I know. I didn't say she had a damn choice. 
 
 yeah w ell we dont have any other options until i can ge in and somehow me and the doc get my blood pressure controlled
 
 but she still wont even look at me. LMAO
 
 i know im calling now lol
 
 and we can just pay linsdey with smokes. hopefully
 
 we dont have a choice. 
 
 I'll have to  take a late lunch or something. 
 
 But I guess thats what we have to do. Ill call mom and have her talk to her or get her number
 
 and pick them up after school too? cause thats a fucking two hours beftween you getting off work and them getting out of school pretty much
 
 best we can do is try to 'hire' lindsey to walk the kids to and from school
 
 so I can drop them off when I go to work
 
 I know its my blood pressure but we are screwed. Mikey has five more months of school
 
 so do the kids
 
 and we have no other ride for them and there is no one that can be here to help. And with blood pressure for pregnancy its avaoid salt and rest as much as possible. I can attemt to avoid sodium but bed rest isnt really an option I rest as much as I can now ony getting up to do necessary tings li
 
e clean
 
 feed kids etc
 
 love you
 
 flu means Ill get sicker
 
 hypertension getting worse means I need to call the doctor
 
 dont laugh
 
 im uncomfortable. I am sick
 
 I either have the flue or my fucking hypertension has gotten worse
 
 lol
 
 my tummy is much happier now that its empty though
 
 EVERYTHING
 
 nicluding the fries?\\
 
 I officially hate food
 
 Ive officially just puked up everything I have eaten today. Including the doughnut I had four hours ago
 
 1/50
 
000
 
000 chance that the higs bosson mochine could make a black hole. 
 
 water just poofed back on
 
 I eat as much as I can without puking cause shoving myself full of food so tht I can puke it all up isnt going to do anyone any good
 
 also Im eating so tsop yelling at me
 
 your just out of argument
 
 im right
 
 running water still freezes
 
 so while it might help it wont stop it so there.
 
 about something I had to grow up with 
 
 instead of youjust looking for frozen fountain pictures
 
 I'mdont arguing with hormones
 
 leave water on over night.. fix problem
 
 so what the wall gets colder than her room/ that makes no sens
 
 her room doesnt get that cold either
 
 I checked on her like three times last night and she was fine
 
 it couldnt have been colder than sixty in her room. 
 
 whatcha gonna do tack a blanket to her wall lol
 
 I dont know what we are going to do because the pipes are probably going to freeze again tonight and they are in saundras wall. I checked under the sink and under the sink isnt frozed. so if its frozed its in the wall behind the sink which is saundras room
 
 bbl
 
 thats for nap time
 
 gotta lunch them first and lunch isnt for an hour which reminds me I gotta oven dinner
 
 lmao
 
 hmm.. melatonin
 
 and tylonel. 
 
 not till may and I cant smack them
 
 they are sicky poos
 
 has mikey graduated yet? lol
 
 I love youk
 
 smack them. 
 
 your still a dick
 
 my head still hurts
 
 and Im fucking tired and my vagina hurts and my stomach hurts and my nose wont stop bleeding and my heart is pounding out of my chest and the kids are sick and cranky and mean
 
 eat more. lol
 
 I did eat something
 
 eat something
 
 like ass
 
 you.. chill pill
 
 make the whole damn house smell
 
 not in my house you wont
 
 I'll cook da beets. :)
 
 thats what comes in the TWO BOXES you ordered dumb ass
 
 and it includes beets
 
ginger
 
 and lime and lemons and you know we will never use those 
 
 kinda need them
 
 you said we have no fruits or veggies. 
 
 ones FRUIT... kids eat FRUIT
 
 also I said no to the add ons and you bought two
 
 you see the BB stuff
 
 nope nope
 
 :P
 
 you have no concept of god damn english language
 
 Not if a pipe burst past tense
 
 future tense dumb ass
 
 a pipe can burst and not spew water
 
 IF A PIPE BURSTS
 
 IF A PIPE BURSTS
 
 after it thaws
 
 yet
 
 we can tell
 
 'well
 
 atleast judging on where the freeze is if a pipe bursts we will know because thats the wall to saundras room....."\nwe wont know until it thaws. 
 
 so fuck you
 
 or you ignore it
 
 when I say stuff you take the wrong meaning
 
 because your an idiot who doesnt listen
 
 and Im no longer going to talk to you
 
 your stupid
 
 dude
 
 you dont understand anything that I say ever
 
 theres what I ordered
 
 Conventional 2 @ $15.00 $30.00 \nJuice Pack - hoping for apples
 
 kale
 
 carrots
 
 cucumbers
 
 celery
 
 beets
 
 lemon
 
 lime
 
 ginger
 
 parsley 1 @ $8.00 $8.00 \nLunch Box Pack - Hoping for Apples
 
 Citrus
 
 Pear
 
 and Asian Pear. 1 @ $10.50 $10.50 \n
 
 lol
 
 if it burst
 
 we wouldnt' really know until it starts to thaw hun
 
 well
 
 atleast judging on where the freeze is if a pipe bursts we will know because thats the wall to saundras room....
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 trying to get BB now
 
 your a dweeb
 
 and I'd steal the arcade. lol
 
 They'd flip
 
 your a dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3546183970.html if only we had money. lol
 
 Ive lost IQ points and cant spell for shit
 
 grrr hormone brain
 
 I wouldnever remember
 
 one because the phrase "never in my life" fits perfectly and to because "TUCSON"
 
 and its your job to drip faucets not mine
 
 maybe we should get a hamper
 
 and Idk put your dirty clothes in a hamper
 
 lol he has two couches and a blanket. Maybe you just need to like do jumping jacks and then rub the blanket on you so that hell use that
 
 we need a damn dog bed so he stops stealing my shit
 
 .....
 
 dropping the truck diminishes the weight you can carry
 
 why would you lower a truck with duallys? the whole fucking point of having four wheels in the back is increasnig the weight you can carry
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3529505746.html  WHYYYYYYYYYYY! do people do this
 
 apparently you need a fan and no you cannot run people ofver
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3546615899.html  can I run people over? (I'd start with Luis) lol
 
 (wait.. I have a request I posted) so that should cover it
 
 ok
 
 I think I need generators. 
 
 can you send this acount whatever pieces I'm missing for my hydro shack?
 
 lol I just wont remind stacey he doesnt know
 
 and tell stacy not to tell him
 
 lol wait for him to miss it
 
 bwahahaha
 
 I bet his father doesnt know that
 
 which I am sooo not cool with
 
 billy will be four in less than a month
 
 adam will be 6 in one month and 3 days
 
 yep only what a fiveish year old pic
 
 shes about a year in that picture and shell be six in four months
 
 lol Ya me too
 
 I was just laughing because of how old it is
 
 yeah
 
 I can tell cause thats Rene in the pic with him lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/rob.rose.161?fref=ts
 
 rob rose
 
 not on mine
 
 but yeah he has one. he wasnt on it too often though
 
 is he on fb?
 
 ha
 
  i should send rob the link lmao
 
 lol
 
 no no room no money no tume
 
 :)
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3546555903.html   ohhhhhh oooohhhhhh
 
 to bad I wasnt born then
 
 god I so would have been a protesting hippie radical 
 
 I feel so much safer that they block pictures.....
 
 security protocols
 
 and it blocks a lot of stuff
 
 they all work on this end
 
 your work computer is just a stupid asshole
 
 the stapler I think is the first one that worked. 
 
 this one didn't work
 
 no your notr that badass either
 
 it should have just popped up as a picture like the dragon stapler
 
 I posted the pic I didnt send it as a link
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3546837795.html fine :P this
 
 at work. remember
 
 weriously? what do you think your a pimp?
 
 no picture working
 
 see running water freezes
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3525693005.html haha
 
 I cant pay it all its all the money I will have plus some
 
 youll have to do it over the phone or I will have to pay part on friday
 
 because its stupid
 
 we always ahve to use yours
 
 It never accepts my card
 
 therefore dripping water does shit
 
 thats that damn company I can't pay
 
 remember... 
 
 I dont care what they say
 
 I have seen little bits of running water freeze
 
 declined
 
 your card didnt work
 
 http://www.weather.com/activities/homeandgarden/home/hometips/severeweather/pipefreeze_prevent.html
 
 so are RIVERS and im talking about the flowy woopshy preetyt part of water fountains freezing. Mid fucking running
 
 12/13
 
 as opposed to internal  piping in a house
 
 with heating
 
 and.. entirely outside
 
 easier to freeze
 
 water fountains normally have rubber
 
 or very small pipes. 
 
 expiration
 
 if drips did shit then water fountains wouldnt freeze
 
 rivers have movement not a damn drip
 
 116
 
 A PHillip Johnson
 
 5515120002841107
 
 first command bank
 
 thats why rivers dot F'n freeze
 
 and scientifically it works
 
 It works
 
 and we know it works
 
 I'm from a damn midwest state with real damn winters
 
 stupid
 
 but scientifically
 
 ill do it
 
 it does
 
 that stupid
 
 thats not even enought to melt ice
 
 drip does nothing why would you bother dripping shit
 
 drip
 
 leave the downstairs on
 
 until the pressure goes back up
 
 leverything else seems to be working
 
 downstairs is a little bit of a smaller bit of water then ts houdl be but its still runnig
 
 kitchen and washing machine
 
 and put them to drip
 
 k. well figure out what faucets dont run. 
 
 ok. Also we need to get stuff for the water heater. Insulation. ALll the pipes are right in front of that useless fucking vent. There is no hot water in the house
 
 and the water heaters intake goes directly infront of the vent so Im assuming the water heater is empty
 
 it should thaw by like noonish
 
 and leave a faucet on where you know it would be dripping if it wasn't frozen
 
 told you we should've left thewater on :P
 
 the kitchen
 
 and "laundry room" appear to be the only places in the house with no water so I guess the pipes did freeze. What do I do about that? do I do things about that? wtf 
 
 leaving now
 
 :P
 
 realistic
 
 otherwie she would have sold it a piece at a time as it became something she didnt need anymore
 
 morbid much
 
 idk
 
 I still ahvent even figure out what IM making for dinner
 
 I know not usefull
 
 food
 
 And she probably lost the baby
 
 SIDS or misscarriage
 
 Im guessing SIDS the stuff looks slightly used
 
 some of it
 
 leavin now. anything you want?
 
 &lt;(") says :P
 
 :P :P :P :P :P
 
 NO
 
 no no no. you buy wherever
 
 then steralize the fuck
 
 PERIOD
 
 Bottles
 
 sippy cups etc you buy new
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3531697933.html rita ranch crazy lady
 
 NO
 
 UH NO
 
 get it stupid cheap. 
 
 and I'll probably buy a bottle lot off of Ebay. lol
 
 thats just gross
 
 One I have a pump
 
 two if I want an electric one Ill buy my own. I aint using sometone elses
 
 lmao
 
 EEEWWW NOOOOOOO
 
 the sippy cups bottles nursing pillow have to come from store
 
 crib sheets and diapers probably too
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3476142507.html
 
 you can go shopping WITH me
 
 so.. I get to go shopping? lol
 
 im more worried about crib
 
 sheets
 
 cloth diapers
 
 unisex onsies until we know gender
 
 bottles
 
 brestfeeding pillow
 
 oh and sippy cups for sopha
 
 we already have a double stroller
 
 and a single stroller
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3466641802.html
 
 they probably didnt use it
 
 it doesnt look like they did and it was brand new when they bought it. Thats a full set
 
 picture frames
 
 decorative pillows
 
 dust ruffle
 
 bumpers
 
 mobiles etc etc. They probably just only knocked $20.00 off
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3506203457.html FUCKING LOOOOONIES
 
 I wrote them
 
 I never actually use craigslist for anything other then job postings
 
 and then get knifed
 
 ill end up talking to a mass murderer or something
 
 I dont write people on craigslist
 
 50$ each. write them. 
 
 mini cribs are stupid
 
 that ones perfect they even have two
 
 just get new matresses
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3488038492.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3527278656.html
 
 ooh I like tht one its preety but then wed have to get another preeetty one cause Kateys is kinda fugly
 
 I am not putting my babies in orphan child cribs
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3523858777.html
 
 im offended that they expect babies to go in that
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3543439801.html haha
 
 no Ikea is bad apparently 
 
 cause its ugly as DEATH
 
 45$
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3534500890.html
 
 I dont like windowshopping
 
 Im not you
 

 
 but I wasnt panning on looking till I hve money to buy
 
 thats actually nice
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3545704557.html
 
 matts usless
 
 Cheri wouldnt piack them up until like 8:30
 
 and michelles kids go to school at 8:15 so there isnt enough cross over
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bab/3522060499.html
 
 I dont know
 
 no one has a car
 
 or craigslist. 
 
 and we can Thrift store a crib :D lol
 
 how are we getting the kids to school tomorrow?
 
 we wont need the second crib for a few months but it will be better to get one while we have the money then hope we magically have the money in nine or ten months
 
 and get a cheapish... comptuer upgrade. and working xbox
 
 (and get rid of all mine)
 
 lol
 
 i mostly am worried about buying a second crib
 
 cloth diapers
 
 and stocking up on nursing stuff
 
 formula
 
 bottles etc and lots of sheets and blankets for the house
 
 yeah. or pay you back for it lol
 
 so your tax returns might cover the Twin stuff. 
 
 I gave up on you ever getting divorced about a year ago lol
 
 and marriage. :) lol (insurance)
 
 I figured out how to get pretty much everything I NEED need for the double mints for about 1500 and hopefully mom will actually give me $$ so that should help
 
 and divorce
 
 that leaves 4k for Star
 
 VS
 
 Capital one
 
  Nissan
 
  Twins
 
 etc..
 
 1500 for van
 
 then 3 for morgage that leaves 4 for bills and double mint
 
 but the van (1200) fix the 'vans' (300)
 
 and that would catch us up for mortgage (3K)
 
 so about 8500 in returns. 
 
 doing apparently my fingers arent good enough
 
 finger rub on gums
 
 i become useless
 
 sophie wants her daddy
 
 her teeth hurt and mommy does nothing when that happens
 
 and 4K EIC
 
 3K child credit. 
 
 that got me up to like 7K in kid credit. 
 
 I said I was claiming Sophia. 
 
 $7
 
291 \nFederal  Refund \n  $1
 
389 \nKS Refund \n 
 
 ????\n
 
 mine is the three kids. 
 
 I know its 4 grand its just a matter of how much my mom will give me
 
 HAHA I'm amazing. lol
 
 Your EIC is $4
 
030.
 
 and I only pay Az taxes because of the house
 
 I'm a Ks resident
 
 
 
 you havent been there in over a year
 
 and I haven't put in any mortgage stuff. lol
 
 dont you pay az state taxes since you live here and why would you pay ks taxes at all?
 
 rough dry run
 
 thats what I'm at now. 
 
 working on it. 
 
 what about az refund
 
 $7
 
291 \nFederal  Refund \n  $664 \nKS Refund \n  thats about where we will be at
 
 and its still gross
 
 period
 
 no argument and yes I know that makes your wife jailbait 
 
 born after 1990 jailbait
 
 and she doesnt want moeny
 
 and we're broke. lol
 
 not jail bait
 
 and not in Az so it doesnt matter. 
 
 becaus eyou didnt see it the first time^^^
 
 also stop talking to jailbait about sex its just gross\nand it keeps popping up when I go to check your pot farm 
 
 theroetically
 
 it would be a LOT of money though. 
 
 a basic run through I'm at like 8K right now
 
 If you claimed me as a dependant I think you could claim the kids too but that just seems....awkward
 
 lol I know
 
 or was I could fight it with the divorce paperwork but 
 
 oh well. 
 
 damn. lol
 
 legally mike is
 
 no beacuse your not the noncostodial parent
 
 adam says he steals food cause his stomach is thinking
 
 HAHA I can claim billy LMAO
 
 Nondependent ChildrenYou can claim a nondependent for the EIC if 1 of these situations applies:\u2022The child is your son or daughter and you\u2019re waiving the dependency exemption to the noncustodial parent.\n\u2022You can\u2019t claim the child as a dependent because he or she provided more than 1 / 2 of his or her own support in 2012. \n
 
 and it keeps popping up when I go to check your pot farm
 
 also stop talking to jailbait about sex its just gross
 
 not that it matters cause you wont be off work and we have no money and whatever and by the time your off work Il have changed my mind
 
 and fish sticks with tartar sauce
 
 and dr pepper with ice cubes
 
 also I really want sushi
 
 cause god knows how much I am actually going to get out of my mother
 
 I think thats wishful thinking
 
 maybe if you trade in the broken xboxs for credit lol
 
 or at least a working xbox
 
 buying the van. (paying for whatever alterations for that between the two vans)  fixing the nissan
 
 mortgage
 
 and twins stuff. I might have enough left for paying on the Star Card
 
 VS
 
 Capital one
 
 and maybe a computer upgrade
 
 
 
 Also dont plan on having any spending money with the tax returns. Between the cars
 
 the necessary stuff for double mint
 
 catching up on the bills we arent going to have any money left over
 
 pretty much
 
 which is why he keeps fighting me on food cause he never really gets hungry cause he knows he will steal food later. Fucker is getting an alarm on his door tonight
 
 grrrrrr.. (all I have right now)
 
 also hes banished to his room until I dont feel like smacking him
 
 and he was getting alarmed in his room again
 
 he says he steas the food cause he is hungry I asked him why he doesnt eat the food I feed him he said cause he doesnt liek it and I said that I was going to make you get an alarm today on your way home
 
 GRRRRRRR
 
 WTF
 
 I told you Ive been hearing him get up at night but Ive been too tired to search his room. He was eating when I went upstairs to check on him so I found the wrappers
 
 about six or seven of my power bars the milk duds three of the nutrigrain bars
 
 how.   grrrr
 
 he stole food agaoin too
 
 go figure.
 
 Adam got all of his toys taken away btw
 
 too bad
 
 I have no damn memory :P
 
 you should know
 
 jerk face
 
 you figure it out
 
 and her bday was March 24th right?
 
 850-93-8778
 
 doing a dry run of my taxes. 
 
 whats sophia's SSN?
 
 you make me crazy when im pregnant
 
 weirdo
 
 damn kids
 
 Then she pood onthe floor and finger paintesd with it
 
 little nakey butt is running around the house until her butt or cooch flash then she giggles sits and trys putting the bottom of her onsie on
 
 yeppers
 
 probably me then. lol
 
 whoever gets their w2s first lol
 
 am I doing sophia or are you on taxes?
 
 river and everything
 
 at least a cou8ple inches dep
 
 oh well its flowing like crazer pants
 
 end of the street in the middle of the street is where they were working the other day. 
 
 the street is flooded
 
 wherever the water is coming from at the edge of the street it is pouring now I dont know what the hell
 
 Why am I so fn cold today
 
 hot cold cold hot. its like fucking menopause bullshit
 
 I dont know I ond tpay a lot of attention I really feel like shit right now
 
 so it mut be
 
 probably as it poppe dup when I was harvesting
 
 makes me think wrath of god. aka god bud. lol
 
 it says wrath of bud?
 
 I dont look at the awards I push the button
 
 Idk did you
 
 I get the god bud award?
 
 partial bedrest dietary restrictions etc
 
 means stricter rules
 
 my doctors gonna be mean and do mean things to me Im sure when I tell her about my blood pressure. I googled my symptoms and apparently chronic hypertention equals mean doctors
 
 uh.. duh
 
 you know you want a dragon stapler
 
 lol
 
 all
 
 I dont care
 
 I feel like death warmed ovedr death and thrown into a freezer. Im coldand sick and the kids are evil
 
 same with strawberries
 
 apples citrus
 
 pears
 
 etc.. would be good for kiddo snack
 
 no
 
 any look nice?
 
 -------------------
 
 Lunch Box Pack - Hoping for Apples
 
 Citrus
 
 Pear
 
 and Asian Pear.\n(Max 5)  $10.50 ea
 
 ----------------------
 
 Juice Pack - hoping for apples
 
 kale
 
 carrots
 
 cucumbers
 
 celery
 
 beets
 
 lemon
 
 lime
 
 ginger
 
 parsley\n(Max 10)  $8.00 ea
 
 --------------
 
 Strawberries - 8 - 1 Lb clamshells - from Mexico\n(Max 5)  $14.00 ea
 
 --------------
 
 30$
 
 Junami Apples - Approx 40 lb from Washington State\n(Max 5)
 
 ok
 
 fucking children die now ok
 
 i noticed... 
 
 you forgot the movies
 
 I hurty hurty hurty
 
 lol
 
 its got cherrys and coconut or something its just EEEEEWWW
 
 haha
 
 no german choclate disgusting
 
 ew
 
 Artisan Cake Slice Chocolate Fudge or German Chocolate\nEach. In the Bakery \nPersonalized Price\n\n$1.49\nOur Regular Price\n$2.49  hehe hehe\n\nhehe
 
 my stomach is killing me
 
 yup
 
 my head wont stop opounding
 
 my nose wont stop itching/bleeding
 
 I can make it another 9 days right
 
 upside the docs office called and so long as I bring in proof that my health choice is pending they wont make me pay upfront for the appt
 
 Also I feel like crap so everything is disgusting right now
 
 lol
 
 they look yucky
 
 its always .55 cents
 
 they are lying
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/01/14/pure-protein-bars-only-0-50-at-kroger/ would you eat these?
 
 ----
 
 Safeway Macaroni &amp; Cheese\n7.25oz \nPersonalized Price\n\n$0.55\nOur Regular Price\n$0.89
 
 It just went POP!!
 
 My belly is HUGER!
 
 also you suck many balls of monkeys
 
 there its plantingtada
 
 i need to finish that god bud portion :)
 
 hmm... then plant more. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/01/12/enfagrow-only-0-99-at-kroger/
 
 I doubt you harvested 500 so um no
 
 yeah Im harvesting it all right now
 
 portion of that quest?
 
 did I finish the godbud?
 
 what do you want me to plant
 
 and stop talking to 12 year olds
 
 I got enough problems keeping up with the dog
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3544894751.html  bearded dragon? ;)
 
 nope
 
 :D love you
 
 IDK its loading
 
 you make me nuts you know
 
 Id like it better if it werent turqouise
 
 I dont like turqoise so muchness
 
 I planted god bud. so its only three hours on mine
 
 hows pot farm doing?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3544224154.html right up your goddy alley
 
 nope
 
 and I only read warlord and transmetropolitan soo not for me
 
 ?
 
 you have any comic fiend friends
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3544915239.html there you go
 
 she wants to be 'squishy' with him. LMFAO haha I'm morbid I know
 
 yeah normally she starts pestering him on the first so she can get them by the 8th but hes been sleeping at work since hes staying up all night taking care of the wife so moms being squishy
 
 mine are automated. so I can be bitchy. lol
 
 yay bb we are out of fruits and veggies right now
 
 :D
 
 yeah
 
 mom still hasnt gotten her w2s either and she isnt being bitchy ecause franks wife is getting sick which means its gonna take fn forever for her to get them
 
 I'm gonna order BB tomorrow. 
 
 only ten more days. Only nine more days till my doc appt
 
 At the very least that will relax me some to see them swimming around in there. 
 
 so I get my w2s
 
 It just needs to be the 24th
 
 they'll be ok
 
 I know
 
 We really need another vehicle right now. Its ridiculous. Im in paranoid google what can go wrong mode right now. Remind me that double mint will be okie dokie artichokie
 
 just an extra van we can use to cannabalize. lol
 
 lol
 
 then we have no issues. 
 
 it needs to be taxes so I can buy that other safari. 
 
 my 49 inch waist pants dont button anymore
 
 I cant even zip them all the way. There is like a three inch gab when I pull them up
 
 thats waht I thought as I dove home
 
 I was like fucking Kristofor. Renes like its weird
 
 are you sure its not the speakers
 
 I turned the radio on and you could hear it going the same even though the radio sounded fine and Rene was liek yeah...my schools really far away
 
 hmm. I'll take a look at it. and you can always blame kris. HAHA
 
 and it was making a weird almost like speakers crackling and shaking noise but it wasnt the speakers
 
 and there was a weird vibration. I told you it was like the dash was possessed
 
 sounds like a short again.
 
 so the speedometer didn't effect the driving at all?
 
 but it was drivingt still
 
 it wasnt like amlessly reving. It was still going
 
 it just got weird.  I dont know
 
 evil car posessed or somet shit
 
 it sounds like it kept jumping into Nuetral
 
 if the spedometer kept jumping
 
 thats the Transmission. 
 
 I have no clue whats wrong with the damn thing
 
 it didnt sound like the belt
 
 it sounded like the dash board was possessed. It wasnt the radio
 
 I checked
 
 so Fuck f I know
 
 had to skip school
 
 made it to pantano and broadway and it started making weird ass noises and the spedomiter kept jumping up to 70
 
 so we went home rathjer then risk the kids being stuck in this weather
 
 I cant get my med. insurance gone from mike and even if I had health choice it doesnt cover and the friggin generic is 190.99 dollars
 
 whine whine cry cry whine cry
 
 also typing one handed is fucking difficult and time  consuming'
 
  level of pain i9s maing me nauseous you get home I take nap and pain killers
 
 oh well
 
 if I dont find them Ill probably get more in two weeks whenI hav ethe appt
 
 I dont think so
 
 and I looked on the bookshelf I cant find them
 
 didn't you take them to christmas at the bjelks?
 
 should be on the bookshelf by fireplace
 
 do you know what happened to the double mint photos? I was gonna post them on the interwebs but I cant find them
 
 there I tagged he and I told you they are in your box
 
 idk 
 
 any pot bucks?
 
 will you tag my grandma in the new pics of the kids?
 
 its feeling a little better now but its still nuts 
 
 I sent you pictures or my writys
 
 they are in your boxy thing
 
 I dont know
 
 I harvested them at like 89 this morning
 
 i was late
 
 and I dont remember anything about my mystery seeds
 
 soo.... what did I get :P
 
 uh huh
 
 you know you left work went to the lbrary slash thing and did it. Yeah I told you I was going oto when you l;eft and you said plant them you domt even pay attention to what you say
 
 you didn't plant my mystery seeds did you?
 
 no damn clue. lol
 
 um then someone hacked into your account and planted shit
 
 cause this morning when you left I planted your mystery seeds and maui waui x2 and when I just went to send myself shit you had god bud ready to harvest
 
 I haven't played so I dont have a clue. lol
 
 no. 
 
 okay you cant play games while your at work
 
 but you have planted a new plant between this morning when I harvested it for you and now which menas you werent at work and where on a computer. Color me confused
 
 fuck a duck. YOu know what really sucks
 
 Im fucking right handed
 
 guess that explains where they went
 
 actually
 
 there arent any in the kitchen and their havent been really for a week or so
 
 now.. that explains why we can never get rid of the damn gnats
 
 sucks to be him dont it. 
 
 Hes mad at me for having been mad at him
 
 and hes mad at me cause I didnt get all of the gnats out of his room (he didnt notice them till I pulled the food out from behind his bed and they swarmed) hes very upset that his room is full of bugs
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 its adams fault
 
 he fucking tried to duck/hide when I went to smack him and my little inner wrist bone part smacked him instead of my palm. He was fine in about a half a second but it fucked me up
 
 y?
 
 my fn wrist hurts
 
 haha on kris  
 
 adam-grrrrrrrrr
 
 and I just rented movies.... :'(  
 
 the fuck
 
 serioulsy?
 
 how in fuck did you spend 11.00 at blockbuster on three movies?
 
 also fuck
 
 adam is going to bed an hour early for lying
 
 hiding food behind his bed (yogurt
 
 spoon
 
 orange and the bugs that come with it)
 
 hiding and using scissors
 
 cutting up books and lying again. also I think I jut broke my wrist
 
 
 
 mmmmm meatball sub
 
 thats whats I want
 
 bwahahaha Kris is gonna bike over here to pick up the van because its too cold for me to go anywhere with the babys and the stuffy kids
 
 there I got you a damn kitty
 
 FUCK fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow
 
 im just waiting for her to figure out ls so that she can lalala
 
 shes been singing all the day
 
 lol
 
 also soph says nanananonono
 
 roses are red bacon is red poems are hard bacon
 
 kk
 
 tutoring god damn it you know what i mean
 
 I fyou somehow magically get home in the next couple hours Im going to take a nap before you go to totoring
 
 I keep fallin asleep and waking up when I almost fall out of the chair
 
 also I need anap
 
 (not that I have that now.. but still lol)
 
 the kids have neough damn toys
 
 we really dont need them and you know it
 
 and its 10$
 
 and in really good condition
 
 those are the real ones. 
 
 I kinda want those tinker toys and lincoln logs.
 
 I dont want your s enchilada sauce is yucky today
 
 I ate mine
 
 I used to have tinker toys
 
 you ate them both?
 
 I had mine in there
 
 and yours. lol
 
 I want another burrito we dont have another burrito therefore not enough food
 
 HOW IN THE HELL! is there not enough fooooooood :P
 
 http://sierravista.craigslist.org/tag/3472665602.html now that is cool
 
 lol
 
 there isnt enough food
 
 we do not need more legos I already step on more a day then I want
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tag/3515490808.html
 
 wahatever
 
 I got tired of it always saying I had a damn message
 
 it wouldn't go away
 
 it said 'sup'
 
 and I replied 'not much
 
 how about you
 
 hows Kansas treating you'
 
 soooo
 
 your deleting messages agian
 
 there was one up when I got on this morning but when I saw you messaged me and went to look it was gone
 
 therefore you made it go away therefore you are hiding shit again. Because thats what you do when your stupid
 
 sure. what did I do now?
 
 also you know your a lying cheating whore right? 
 
 waiting on yopur stupid shit to plant
 
 ha except ill smash your face first
 
 made me think of you. lol
 
 we both need that one
 
 Puzzle piece C2 just came out
 
 NO
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/ele/3514447087.html hahahaha
 
 so I was getting ready to yell at adam because as I went upstairs I heard this singing. Get upstairs its not adam its sopha
 
 lying in the crib going DADADADADABABABAMAMAMAMAmamamambababadadadaaaaaaaaaaa
 
 k
 
 have a PILE IN THE BACKYARD dont need more
 
 and.. there is a guy on Pantano selling firewood from his house. 
 
 kk I'll stop by goodwill. I have a couple dollars. 
 
 we need to get some curtains and more blankets
 
 so long as it doesnt drop below sixty in the house we should be fine
 
 tomorrows high is fifty
 
 even frys sells firewood this time of year and actually we have a big stack in the backyard from the previous owners
 
 that would mean we buy some
 
 or find something else to burn.....
 
 no firewood
 
 yeah
 
 if it gets to cold we will just have to move your painting and actually use the fire place lol
 
 good will
 
 Ill have to see if I can find extra blankets for saundra and billy. It gets cold down stairs
 
 if I cant they might have to sleep upstairs
 
 yeah not tucson
 
 it gets cold reguarly in northern arizona
 
 snows and shit everywhere north of pheonix really. 
 
  Not tucson
 
 but here's Az low record\nArizona \u201340 \u201340 Jan. 7
 
 1971 Hawley Lake 8
 
180\n
 
 that was 100 years ago
 
 lol
 
 also 6degrees f is the coldest it has ever gotten on record in tucson
 
 I HATE CHILDREN
 
 lol
 
 scammage
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/wrg/3530830545.html there you go. :)
 
 they had to open emergency shelters and it took like four dys to get everything on again
 
 not to mention the obvious lack of water
 
 there is no insulatin on a lot of the city piping. Two years ago they lost gas and electricity to large parts of the city
 
 It doesnt get that cold here normally
 
 
 
 I dont get houw Tucson is so FLIPPING! retarded about cold weather. its only going to be in the 20s not the -20s 
 
 all we have to do is make sure we leave our faucets dripping. 
 
 lol
 
 cold snap is coming. Apparently saturday morning is noly going to be like 20 degrees. Hopefully this time aruojnd they wont have to popen trh shelters aganig
 
 oh.. tomorrow I Have PT after work.. Grrr
 
 I dont have a clue babe. 
 
 fucking double mint is making me nuts
 
 I hurt
 
 Im tired
 
 Im cranky
 
 the kids are fucking evil and I have no urge to eat but im hungry
 
 lol :P
 
 I dont care about my mum. work or something
 
 ur mum http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3535299971.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3535955307.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3480052597.html just for you  lol
 
 i tired
 
 ? lol
 
 Stupid 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3473861628.html
 
 same ehre. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3528521092.html
 
 or .. if ours is in better condition.. use that as a parts car. (if the AC works
 
 and heater)
 
 and use ours as a parts car. lol
 
 buy this
 
 we already have the seasts. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3501894940.html
 
 lol
 
  Why in fuck do I ned a classic or a fiew truck
 
 That I can bately drive has no ac no heat 
 
 :P
 
 and we have an 8 seater. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3535782161.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3526198459.html
 
 not until the kids are a little older and cant fit comfortably in a minivan anymore that is
 
 it be nice to have a passanger van but it isnt required
 
 a minivan woul work so long as its an 8 seater
 
 it just means you would have to drive your car too if we ever went anywhere all together
 
 but when we need something larger than a minivan
 
 its hard. 
 
 I am looking
 
. 
 
 see my point. 
 
 only 12
 
000 dollars
 
 and we can't afford this. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3423381124.html
 
 etc eetc
 
 and then a pile of crap
 
 and more crap
 
 and crap we dont need
 
 junk...and engines
 
 no your looking for xboxes and video games and 
 
 I found one
 
 but they are hard to find
 
 when you look for a 12 passanger and up
 
 I'm looking for a van. 
 
 you are banished from craigslist unless its about a van for me or selling the caddi
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3535278727.html hehe
 
 One
 
 I think the dog brought an entire outfit including socks and underwear into the living room to sleep on. Two your son is a cranker pants fit throwing pain and has been since yesterday. I do not know what is his issue.
 
 :P
 
 no
 
 sophia in the middle
 
 and you could make them. lol
 
 true. 
 
 and they wouldnt fit across in the nissan anyway
 
 except...you have all the carseats in the van
 
 you (driver) adam (front seat) saundra
 
 billy sophia back seat. 
 
 what? all the kids do not
 
 the nissan fits five
 
 there are seven....math child
 
 and.. if you could start the car all the kids technically fit in the nissan. lol
 
 why would we buy new seats?
 
 porn and a convo with a girl who couldnt be older than my daughter
 
 you look at the link i sent you? 
 
 and the computer crashed after I got up. so what the hell apparently was up?
 
 i have the reeses
 
 did you move the reeses or do I need to beat children?
 
 you left bad stuff up again. And your a slut
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/pts/3535423076.html lol
 
 when I go to bed you dont do the stuff I do so then I stay up to do it and by the time im done with it then im all insomnia annd dont want to sleep
 
 Tried to get you to bed yesterday
 
 fuck a duck I need sleep
 
 i feel like poop
 
 not really 
 
 weirdo
 
 lallalalalalalaaaa 
 
 dancing with myself oooohhh
 
  cranly
 
 no more kelbasa for sopha. Shes an unhappy baby
 
 also I feel like such complete and total death its not even funny
 
 The children have been banished
 
 so it really is pending and I have to wait on a letter to go to moms saying if I have to turn anything else in. This is a pain in the booty
 
 especially since she is still getting up once or twice a night and probably will still be when we get around to moving kids
 
 I was gonna make adam and saundra switch rooms so I can hear sophi
 
 so.. do youwant to set up the bed in saundra's room? or.. wait until we can get a carpet/rug in her room
 
 cause we cant pair up the boys and renes room doubles as a guest room since she is only here half the time
 
 saundra and sophia
 
 who was sharing rooms again?
 
 yeah
 
 just need screws
 
 do we have all the pieces?
 
 we have a bunk bed in the garage
 
 we just need to buy screws for it cause lindsey lost them
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3533493400.html
 
 im hungry and weird songs are popping in my head. finally got through to hold lol
 
 weirdo
 
 kings dont need advice from little hornbills for a start6
 
 I need a food delivery service
 
 cant keep their shit straight
 
 the kids was
 
 mines still pending. hopefully I can get through to them or I get some notification or something of the fuck is going on. Fucking retards the lot of them.
 
 haha. well at least it was extended. lol
 
 ok so according to the website the damn insurance for te kids has been extended but two weeks ago it said that I had to redo it and then it said that apparently i had an appt on the 26th that I completed....Im confused. 
 
 Stopped at mcda couldn't make it home
 
 gtg bbl &lt;3 ya assface fucking douche
 
 im hungry
 
 dont need
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3531625600.html  Box of boys clothes
 
 4-5T
 
 whatever
 
 I'm sorry. Love you
 
 sometimes your really dumb
 
 THERE ARE NO OPTIONS I HAVE TO DO IT MOM IS AT WORK LINDSEY IS USELESS THERE ARE NO OTHER FUCKING OPTIONS AND YOU BEING STUPID DOESNT HELP ME
 
 or have Linds walk and go get them. LMFAO
 
 hmm... idk.... have your mum walk and go get them. lol
 
 I already have a dumb dog to clean up after
 
 Kris doesnt have a car fucking retard
 
 They are sooo cute http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3531428615.html
 
 call kris
 
 so go away
 
 you cant help me cause your working and have to work
 
 your an idiot and you annoy me
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3531241699.html  MINE MINE MINE! (and I didn't know that Atari made Mario Bros....
 
 also katey i letting us keep the crib and she is stealling the bassinet. So thats one less crib I have to buy
 
 it goes in a block
 
 there is no point
 
 not helpful
 
 there is a half of thing of power steering in the garage (blue container)
 
 Double mint
 
 Im hungry
 
 there is nothing to eatr
 
 Im tired
 
 I cant sleep
 
 I am in pain cant do anything about it and in three an d a half hours I have to make it worse becuase our car sucks and I know it. 
 
 ?  what did i do this time?
 
 also I hate you
 
 and me cause that means I have to get up early to make sure you got up
 
 that sucks for you
 
 I have to be in by 4am
 
 also I hate people
 
 I have to work early on Thursday
 
 she doesnt like the cold
 
 yeah and I cant fit the kis. I need a van that doesnt hurt to drive and can keep me warm/cold. cause the van is pissing sopha and me off
 
 but... it might kill you from lack of oxygen. lol
 
 we have a car that has heat. 
 
 no I want a car that has heat and doesnt give me frostbite and pain first
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3530445001.html I want. lol
 
 your getting the kids right? cause if not i gotta leace in like 10 minutes
 
 I knew I was right
 
 see and your a fucking asshole
 
 doesnt that require sex?
 
 ur mums a whore?
 
 shes a whore
 
 and your an asshole
 
 lol
 
 my mom can find her own car
 
 suburban
 
 I meant for your mum
 
 also
 
 I feel like crap
 
 holy fuck
 
 i was ok and now boom not okay
 
 not enough seats
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3527610239.html
 
 then find somewhere to get rid of 200 damn tyres. lol
 
 haha
 
 Make this guy fix the car. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3528772740.html
 
 I will get it for you in a minute. you have to much stuff. you hav eboxes of clothes you will never wear
 
 piles of games you dont play. Your like a pack rat
 
 you collect shit you dont need cause its preeeetty. Granted pack rats tend to go for shiny stuff in real life
 
 and I want a kronic kitty ;)
 
 how am I packratty?
 
 I dont know
 
 you said you would so I was double checking if you actually were because well
 
 I dont believe you will cause your stupid head
 
 howso? :P
 
 so yes
 
 you will pick up kids at 2:35
 
 &lt;3 also you are a packratty dork
 
 youer a dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3528816556.html
 
 everything has to much sugar or too much salt. Nothing in between. Its annoying
 
 I havent been able to find anything that looks numnmy
 
 but good for you :P
 
 food is yucky right now to be true
 
 yogurt is yucky
 
 yogurts down to 50cents each this week at frys
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3508507004.html
 
 http://sierravista.craigslist.org/cto/3426645649.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3522339590.html  VAN
 
 we have no money for yours until we can trade/swap/etc.. the cadi
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3528752700.html
 
 igtg beat kids
 
 you should look for one for me :P fuck mom
 
 no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3528921698.html
 
 do you want me to write  him about it?
 
 possibly
 
 newly rebuilt motor. relative died. sounds like they are trying to sell it from the estate
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3519551518.html
 
 no way in fuck she would ay a grand. If she is going to pay that much she was talkiga bout putting money down and buying a "new" onefrom a dealer
 
 the one for like 650?
 
 yeah but its too much money
 
 and did you see the link for the truck for your mum?
 
 and no I didnt pay it. 
 
 I can pick up the kids. 
 
 did you end up paying the water bill or do I need to still. Also are you going to be able to pick up the kids or do I need to find something to wrap my ribs?
 
 lol
 
 those look yucky
 
 yeah but I have no money
 
 yummy power bars... 50 cents. thanks to the sunday paper. lol http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/01/06/met-rx-bar-only-0-50-at-fred-meyer-and-kroger/ and I can get you 14 of the. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3526966357.html
 
 site opens in 10 minutes
 
 did you want to order Bountiful Baskets this week?
 
 what about the truck? second link
 
 she could but 1200 is too much
 
 if she is going to pay that much $$ then she would want something bigger she could haul bikes in
 
 yeah I made it home
 
 hurt like a bitch though
 
 I popped my damn ribs out again.
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3519551518.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3527783989.html thoughts for your mum?
 
 you make it to and from school?
 
 I sent them to bed
 
 heard a rumble
 
 made it up stairs in time to watch him pushing his bed ontop of bily to hide him in the cornor
 
 Also he might die
 
 geeze
 
 If adam moves his bed again
 
 let alone places it ontop of billy in an attempt to hide him I swear to god he will be back to sleeping on the floor
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3422161843.html :D :D :D
 
 grr I think oh yay my morning sickness is gone Im not puking anymore
 
 Then Blech
 
 vomit
 
 partially from the fireplace
 
 its fucking cold
 
 Its not hot in here
 
 :P
 
 guaranteed its hott as hell in there 
 
 ya'll just sick
 
 before the kitchen we realy need more insulation and some thicker windows
 
 It says its 78 in the house but its lying
 
 everyone is cold as fuck
 
 powerade good
 
 you drank all my orange butt head
 
 Powerade or Powerade Zero
 
 32 oz $0.78\n
 
 Skinner Pasta
 
 12 oz $0.98\nSave 50%\nFinal Price: $0.49   HAHA... New sale at Fry's. lol
 
 lol
 
 shes the cutest sofa ever
 
 I have a sofa on my lap blowing me kisses and blowing raspberrys and snuggling
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYCB-k-F5EI Mikey should do this. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3504143354.html for dondon. lol maybe He'll have a working car for once. lol
 
 also
 
 evil. 
 
 god the kids are making me nuts lol
 
 evil little demon things I swear to monkeys
 
 your obnoxious
 
 :P
 
 ive seens it afore
 
 listen to this
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvyDy15vW6U I think you'll like this guy
 
 safer for him this way
 
 Ive sent him back in there five times
 
 he keeps telling me hes done then when I point out the garbage and toys he says "oh I forgot"
 
 I gave up on Adams room
 
 the world
 
 stupid heads
 
 all are stupid heads
 
 they are stupid heads
 
 you are stupid heads
 
 I think that is the collection people. even though I have already talked to them. 
 
 just keep ignoring it. 
 
 someone with a 602 number is calling you
 
 yup lol
 
 dude abnormal slavery fighting ring
 
 do they have this episode in EVERY schi fi sho?
 
 pain in my butt apparently cant see large pieces of paper and cardboard and toys on his floor
 
 adam just got in trouble for "cleaning" his room three times
 
 :P lol
 
 yeah what do you call my every night
 
 ok.. early bed. HAHA
 
 at 4:35...
 
 niice... that sounds like nap time. haha
 
 two hours till staceys here
 
 nana is on her way so Ill be down to three kids in about.....two hours ish
 
 need nap
 
 I want nap
 
 I dont know
 
 I meant that they are available for a test drive today
 
 Its the 800$ grand Prix
 
 you already saw this one. 
 
 I told you done thinkin
 
 thermostat and radiator probably but the headgasket you need tools and stuff and things and no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3471085874.html I can test drive this one today if you want. :)
 
 I meantcan they do it. lol
 
 mechanic
 
 neighbor
 
 or dondon?
 
 I dont know
 
 radiators are usually only like 50 bucks
 
 therms are like 20 and I dont think head gaskets are that expensive. but putting the headgasket and the radiator back in are going to be quite a few frigging bucks in labor
 
 so.. for 350$ how much will the Therm/Radi/Gasket cost?
 
 last one new head gasket and probably thermostat or radiator if they fucked it up in the first place.
 
 the top one needs a new alternator and fuel pump so no
 
 last 2 babe
 
 i dont know too tired to think
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3457560182.html   THoughts?  I'm confused on this one..... especially for 350$. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3440810642.html  thoughts?
 
 how bad is that to do? (for a $850 car)
 
 struts ify
 
  saundra wont stop screaming
 
 no one will lay down
 
 and I want to kill them all
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3435910283.html  Thoughts?
 
 NAH rob is the devil\\
 
 It would score Rob points
 
 you could have him ride to Katana Games (or have Rob go) and mintion the ad and try and get him the poster. 
 
 mikey's off school today right?
 
 That would be cool. Im watching how I met your mother. I FORGOT THAT THEY PRETEND THAT SANDWHICHES ARE WEED OR THE OTHER WAY AROUND
 
 if I can get the borderlands 2 poster. since he loves that game. 
 
 Katana Games\n[SM] It's the after Christmas-Give-Away! We have extra posters we'd love to give out. Just stop by the store and mention this post to choose from the following while supplies last.\n\n1 Katana Games Halo Midnight Release Poster\n1 Silent Hill Downpour\n1 Tekken Tag Tournament\n... 3 Darksiders II Limited Edition\n2 Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City\n1 Borderlands 2\n3 DOOM 3
 
 found a present for Mikey. lol
 
 lol noooo
 
 melatonin kidds. and then you nap. ROFL JK JKJK
 
 I need a nap
 
 no not Like COME HOME
 
 but like
 
 I wish you were home
 
 I wrote the guy on the electra
 
 I can't.. and why?
 
 you need to come home
 
 no no no 
 
 so... no on that one. lol
 
 new engine cost basically. To replace the head gasket they take off the block
 
 piston rings
 
 dissasemble engine
 
 re assemble engine
 
 put block back on
 
 plug in new battery. Fuck that
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3453410517.html how fucked is this car?
 
 poor baby(s)
 
 cranker sick babers
 
 five hundred isnt bad
 
 but its gonna guzzle gas
 
 eight hundred isnt bad but it needs a new carborator
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3471085874.html
 
 so.. what do you think? $500 itsn't bad. 
 
 you just run it t9ill you clog the fuel filter and kill the car
 
 thats like five hundred dollars by itself
 
 and it will be a good 'in between' car to get rid of the cadi to a gas saver
 
 fuck a tank flush bwahaha
 
 and a gas tank flush. but for 500 thats cheap as dirt. and it a good runing car (minus hoses) (we have a battery)
 
 if it was running a year ago it probably just needs some new hoses and maybe a new battery for five hundred that is nothing
 
 but its gonna guzzle gas
 
 there we go. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3500822872.html 
 
 lol in the van its a day trip. ROFL
 
 and two hours isnt a day trip
 
 its just a pain in the ass lol
 
 yeah no
 
 sounds like a fun day trip for us. ROFL lol
 
 other then the fact its all the way down in nogales
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3465812854.html
 
 and windows that rol.l up so they dont freeze
 
 and prefferably ac so the babies dont fry
 
 yep
 
 but with power steering
 
 so you need an 8 seater like what we have :P lol
 
 Id take a minivan
 
 you would just have to take your car too anytime we all went somewhere together
 
 :P
 
 its hard to find those 15 passanger vans hun
 
 you could ask. 
 
 no windows and I doubt it has running ac or they would have advertised that
 
 15 not 13
 
 Sounds good
 
 seats 8 currently
 
 but can seat up to 13. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3433407565.html
 
 your soo funnu
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3476778786.html lmao
 
 no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3371203110.html
 
 I cant drive the van
 
 I would like a van I can drive
 
 and we can look for a large van
 
 we have the van for now. 
 
 I want a functioning mini van or van
 
 I want a little rice burner that runs good that I can 'pimp' out. lol
 
 thats bomb diggity
 
 yay
 
 so you have Christmas eve and christmas off
 
 I work Wed Thur and Fri next week
 
 lol
 
 :'(
 
 lol weird
 
 Its a nice car though.. 
 
 91 honda civic for sale $1100.00 is what I would like to get it has had alot of work done to it since I have owned it.It is an excellent running car.Pleas text or call only.I rarely check or like to answer e-mail . Serious people only Please.I will pull the posting when sold or when I go to Hospital In the next two days.My name is Joe Phone # is 2zero4-75zero3.\nThis an Automatic\nIt has 164xxx miles\n\nwork I have done to it\nHead gasket\nTiming belt with water pump and tensioner\nCam and Crank seals\nBoth front axles\nFront brakes\nMain relay\nIgnition switch\nFresh oil change
 
spark plugs and wires\nDistributer\nTires are less than half used.\n\nIt could use some new speakers ( whey work but paper is torn ).\nBoth front seats are faded and a small tear in drivers seat.\nsmall hole in drivers door.\nBody is primered and has a few dings 
 
 WEIRD!
 
 yeah exact page im at
 
 says none of the stuff you copied. none of it
 
 he must have updated the post cause mine just lists the head gasket on shit he replaced
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3479627636.html
 
 like at all
 
 I dont even see the part you just posted. That isnt in there
 
 91 honda civic for sale $1100.00 is what I would like to get it has had alot of work done to it since I have owned it.It is an excellent running car.Pleas text or call only.I rarely check or like to answer e-mail . Serious people only Please\n -_- I will pull the posting when sold or when I go to Hospital In the next two days. -_- \nMy name is Joe Phone # is 2zero4-75zero3.
 
 \nOk people have called me with intrest in this car and I have told everyone the truth of a engine miss when someone was coming to buy it and it turned out to be a failing head gasket.Whell I could not sell it that way.I have my honesty and pride.So I as an A.S.E. certified tech Repaired the issue. The head gasket was leaking into the #1 piston and cause was from deterring head gasket. It is now repaired and running great. So if you had contacted me please do again. This car is an extra to me now .Is very reliable every day driver .Would like to get $1100 firm . I've had it for about 2 years and have done a lot of preventative maintenance.Timing belt 
 
tensioners 
 
water pump and Cam and crank seals .Both front axles and brake pads and rotors.As well as main relay and ignition switch and recently a better distributer 
 
 plugs and wires.New starter and fresh oil change..I serviced Auto trans last year. car has 164
 
xxx and serves well. Power windows and doors and cruise works great.And tires are 60%to the good Call or text me only please.I'm Joe 2zero4-75zero3. Title ready to go. \n\nI see nothing about 2 days...
 
 in two days? where the hell did you read that?
 
 jeez you dont even read these do you
 
 we dont have 1100 in two days hon
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3479627636.html
 
 Mwah
 
 im in pain
 
 sophy is crankers and the kids are "napping"
 
 dont care
 
 whatever
 
 and I dount your mum will give you all of your money and you know it
 
 just trying to get more money. :P
 
 putting her on your paperwork etc etc 
 
 your being stupid though
 
 but whatever I dont give a fuck
 
 you get the same amount back per child
 
 that doesnt make any sense at all
 
 because I think I'll get more for claiming sophia
 
 than your mom will claiming you billy and sophia
 
 you already got the other two
 
 why woud you claim soph?
 
 if I file married filing seperately 
 
 I can get 7900 lol
 
 if I file single
 
 and claim sophia I can get around 7500$
 
 I finished my smokes yesterday
 
 god I miss cigs
 
 to much $$$
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3396662498.html
 
 doesnt matter
 
 we dont need another car thats going to be continually breaking down. You dont have time to work on cars
 
 I cant right now
 
 therefore we need car hats already running
 
 one of the only cars I can
 
 That car I can work on. 
 
 I emailed and asked a buch of questions. 
 
 "runs great when its running" we dont need another one of those
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3469040361.html
 
 Trust me
 
 Im taking care of it. Shes having issues adjusting an I get it
 
 three new siblings
 
 new step mom
 
 aunt sammy moving away
 
 its a lot to deal with when you are five
 
 but while I will take a lot
 
 there is a line. Maybe if she takes a nap it will calm her down a bit
 
 you might want to text mike now. so he has time to be warned
 
 wow... her ass is mine when I get home
 
 no I spanked her like five or six times because she was cussing
 
 losing it
 
 throwing shit
 
 full on  mouth and temper tantrum
 
 screaming NO
 
 in my face etc. Smacked her ass and sent her to her room
 
 half way there she truns around
 
 calls me a bitch
 
 says I cant tell her what to do and stomps her feet
 
 so then she got smacked on the face. Then she screamed stormed p to her room and slamed the door
 
 which was followed by more explatives and more spanking and yelling
 
 she is now in her room screaming she is hungry because I told her she and her smart mouth could wait till after nap time since she was too much of a bitch to eat now
 
 lol so she looks like you beat her
 
 and she's crying like a baby?
 
 Rene just got her ass beat
 
 little girl has got a fuck of a mouth on her today
 
 should be
 
 your fault
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 Just wanted to share
 
 ow ow ow ow owowowowowwwwww
 
 OMG OMG OMG OMG OWWWWW
 
 that your dellusional
 
 I already knew. 
 
 told you
 
 no wonder you kept trating her like a baby
 
 she looked like one lol
 
 baldy
 
 Saundra back when she had no hair. lol
 
 okey dokey
 
 Also
 
 tonight
 
 take out all the garbages
 
 the bedroom
 
 the bathroom
 
 the living room and the kitchen garbage are all full as well as the recycling. I cant really lift shit
 
 so I cant even get frustrated and do it for you right now.
 
 Are my kids deaf
 
 Cause I think they are. I have the same conversation fifteen friggin times and they still dont hear me
 
 love you too
 
 wuv wu
 
 asshole
 
 yeah you think its funny
 
 lol
 
 when you get home you need to have a talk with the youngest two
 
 swear to god they are trying their damndest to kill me
 
 ther mayans didnt say it was the end of the world. get your facts straight loser
 
 Apparently
 
 also the movie absoloute zero has really bad effects
 
 hungry. lol?
 
 snow topped glaciers look like yellow cake with buttercream frosting
 
 &lt;3
 
 don tforget the kids at 2:35
 
 I know
 
 shes an idiot and we hate her. her step mom my aunt trish contacted me to verify that haylees mom was insane. Shes 19 and still falls for everything her mom says because there were sirens going off on base
 
 love you too
 
 and your cousins mom is an idiot
 
 &lt;3
 
 &lt;
 
 my cousins mom told them there is a nuclear attack scheduled for today. Apparently we are going to die. In which case
 
 &lt; ya
 
 awe you rmom put up your sexy scrawny uniform photo
 
 remind me to grab another pillow tonight. My neck is killing me
 
 &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 sopha says lala dada mana
 
 mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 kk
 
 dont forget to pick up the kids
 
 off soon?
 
 appt was at ten... Still waitong.
 
 pain
 
 mwah
 
 uh huh sure
 
 Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove YOU!!
 
 are you going to be working christmas?
 
 but I cleaned it up
 
 Im accompolished
 
 I only puked on the floor lke six times
 
 the house is cleaned
 
 food is evil
 
 people who make food
 
 evil
 
 my stomach
 
 evil
 
 double mint
 
 fucking evil
 
 you 
 
 evil
 
 my brother
 
 evil
 
 the world
 
 evil
 
 food FUCKING EVIL
 
 I dont care
 
 ORGANIC Original Sweet 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)  $12.00 ea\n\nORGANIC Coconut Oil with scent (less processed) - 1/2 gallon expeller pressed in a glass jar\n(Max 5)  $20.50 ea\n\nOriginal Granola 28 oz. -Ingredients:Oats
 
 honey
 
 almonds
 
 coconut oil
 
 pumpkin seeds
 
 sunflower seeds
 
 sesame seeds
 
 salt
 
 natu\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\n\nAssorted bread pack (3 loaves savory 9 grain
 
 1 loaf garlic rye
 
 1 baguette)\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\n\nHostess Pack - potatoes
 
 green beans
 
 grape tomatoes
 
 raddish
 
 leaf lettuce
 
 parsnips
 
 rainbow carrots
 
 onion
 
 cranberries.\n(Max 5)  $15.00 ea\n\nNavel Oranges - Approx 20 lb from California\n(Max 5)  $11.00 ea\n\nGingerbread Kids and Buttercream Frosting - Approx 16 - 20 cookies plus buttercream to frost! Great kid activity!\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\n\nGuacamole Pack - Hoping for garlic
 
 jalapeno
 
 yellow onion
 
 lime
 
 lemon
 
 avocado.\n(Max 5)  $8.50 ea\n\nMixed Nuts in shells - 2 lb Arizona Pecans
 
 2 lb California Walnuts
 
 2 lb California Almonds\n(Max 5)  $17.00 ea\n\nUnpasteurized Brownings Idaho Honey - 12 Lb. in Glass Jar\n(Max 5)  $32.00 ea
 
 I feel like death of hell of death and I cant stop puking
 
 at all. I cant stop. I feel like death warmed over death with death. I cant even drink water
 
 ?
 
 GOD DAMN MOTHER FUCKING SON OF A BITCH.
 
 k
 
 Also
 
 I dont know how in fuck your getting home. Either youll have to find a ride or get a taxi
 
 But we are going to have to sit down and figure somthing out for the rest of the week. 
 
 Which is awesome
 
 Kris is gonna pick them up
 
 itll make me misscarry swear to god
 
 I cant cant cant 
 
 after you drive once
 
 then it goes back to what you dealt with today
 
 it helps for one time driving
 
 if you end up having to drive and get them
 
 put in Pwer steering fluid first (in garage) 
 
 I cant drive 
 
 whatever. i guess youll have to walk. i dont even know how the kids are getting home. I popped out my rib and my fucknig shoulder driving
 
 then came home threw up and cramped for an hour
 
 so I ahve a doctors apointment at 150pm
 
 I couldn't. didn't go to work friday. I can't just call in
 
 i fn told you to call sick call
 
 ass
 
 doctors appointment at 150pm
 
 go figure.... get to work
 
 and then throw up. lol
 
 no clue
 
 dont know what the fuck to do
 
 but Ii definitely cant drive the van.  Maybe Mikey can
 
 so then you can tae the van with the kids to mikey
 
 mikey drops you off
 
 then takes the kids to school then drives to school and I see if Kris can pick the kids up and then mikey picks you up from work? Idk.
 
 http://cdn.leasticoulddo.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/20121217.gif
 
 Officially can't drive van  ow dislocation and pain
 
 
 
 and the electric was like 140.00
 
 water bill iw 150.00 cause you didnt pay it last month
 
 va says if your "approved" they can lower your rates
 
 wells fargo says call them or they forclose
 
 pet clinic sent a magnet
 
 gas bills 85.00
 
 fun fun
 
 gas bill
 
 what I think are the dogs tags
 
 wells fargo
 
 va loans etc
 
 what was it?
 
 kk
 
 there is a bunch of shit for you
 
 I put the mail next to the computer
 
 I am not getting up again for an hour so by then it will be to late caus ethat shit takes 1.5 to cook
 
 unless you sit the chicken in hott water to help thaw faster
 
 and as for dinner
 
 no clue.
 
 the walgreen section...
 
 kk
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/09/best-deals-on-diapers-and-wipes-week-of-129/
 
 I have no clue what to do for dinner
 
 I pulled out chicken but it isnt thawing fast enough and I already made pasta for lunch...
 
 I dont need it
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/13/big-savings-on-small-sizes-at-walmart-advil-pm-static-guard-and-more/  (advil pm?)
 
 anf sopha is cranker fever
 
 i feel like crap cranky makes
 
 :P
 
 whatever fucking child
 
 and I hate the phone
 
 ya
 
 but if you go in there
 
 then they have to answer you when on the phone they can BS and say they are busy
 
 and then you talk to people there
 
 its a phone that calls places
 
 cellphone
 
 just to see if the part even came in
 
 asnd YOU HAVE A CELLPHONE
 
 its not supposed to be ready till tomorrow 
 
 see how its going
 
 they were supposed to get the part today
 
 kk
 
 I am going to stop by the mechanics though
 
 y?
 
 didn't think we'd have a car so I cancelled. 
 
 no trumpet today. 
 
 only three more hours oh wait your doing trumpet today
 
 only five more hours of me cooking and chasing children...
 
 hha
 
 he doesnt seem to car lol
 
 Poor babe... and poor puppy
 
 I just puked on the dog....
 
 Elise is a pain in my ass and most other people are going to be too
 
 I guess. I really dont want someone here I odnt know
 
 well 
 

 
 we can start looking for someone to move in
 
 or something..... 
 
 cant stop puking again...these kids are trying to kill me
 
 hes still got school and cant pick up and drop off the kids because his school starts and gets out at the same time as theirs
 
 well lets start looking
 
 and if anything.. we'll have to do Mikey and make your mum deal
 
 I dont know wtf Im going to do
 
 we gotta move someone in and I dont fucking want to
 
 or we gotta figure something out with the kids cause I cant keep after them and there is no way I can drive. My fucking legs wont let me
 
 fucking shit
 
 Then im in pain and about to pass out
 
 thats my limit
 
 ten minutes moving
 
 (not 'your' limits
 
 but the limits the twins will give you)
 
 time to figure out your limits
 
 I need a nap
 
 when you get home Im going to bed 
 
 nope nope
 
 this isnt good
 
 did you hear form the mechanics about the van yet?
 
 and once again ive pushed myself to hard. I gotta go chug water
 
 and eat something and attempt to not move
 
 we dont need an axe gift set
 
 kk well we need formula
 
 she has enough for like a bottle left
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/12/axe-products-and-gift-sets-as-low-as-0-79-at-kmart/
 
 mom to mom\n\nMilk Formula\n23.2-25.7oz\nExpires 12/18/2012  \n\n$11.44\n\n  \nSafeway
 
 Love you.
 
 ttyl
 
 ASSHOLE
 
 I have enough crap to fucking deal with
 
 Im going to gut you like a god damn fish if you move another fucking person into my fucking house
 
 I'm sorry.. guess its time to find another gf to add since Elise is leaving (one that likes to clean. lol) hmm.. so... Catholic Latina?  LMAO jk
 
 god damn it. This is fucking ridiculous
 
 Ive got damn shit to do. And I cant friggin do anything for more than a minute and Ive got to take care of myself but Ive got shit to do and this is crap
 
 Ive got shit to do
 
 they wont let me fucking work for more than fifteen god damn minutes at a time
 
 I had baby
 
 cletus
 
 shilo
 
 and now double and mint
 
 lol
 
 Yeah right. I cant even get it around my ribs where it pops out with out squishing the wriggling wrigleys
 
 the rest I can't help with. lol
 
 no. your ribs. :P
 
 what around my entire body? lol
 
 bandage
 
 time to wear an ace bacdage. lol
 
 FUCK
 
 I just stretched and popped my rib out again
 
 this isnt going to be a fun time the next few months
 
 poo baby
 
 poor sopha soph
 
 couldnt figure out why she was cranking till I changed her diaper and shed pood out pebbles. She all constipaty
 
 I want it to be wednesday so I can go to the doctor and say...crampy and nauseous and popping joints and dislocation and OWWWW!!
 
 owwwww
 
 fucking full time job of bullshit for me
 
 yeah funny to you...
 
 lol
 
 I AM. You have no fucking clue how much Im eating and drinking and Im nauseated and forcing myself not to vomit ALL DAY. Ive probably already drank a damn gallon of water but I waited two hours inbetween drinks. FUCKING KIDS ARE VAMPIRES
 
 then drink more water :P
 
 Also
 
 the beating heart and numb lips = dehydrated
 
 started getting it again. chugged water
 
 gone
 
 um thats pretty much it
 
 but I need something high in calories I can mix into shit that I drink. Or protien bars or something. Ive been eating and drinking those things and eating and drinking water until IM sick and Ive lost weight
 
 since we probably arentgetting fs till the 1st
 
 we need cheese
 
 milk
 
 formula
 
 and what else?
 
 I know.. I wanted to string them up this morning
 
 Im so sick of repeating my damn self
 
 kids are making me fucking bonkers
 

 
 Im going to be one of those eco green moms this time around
 
 not because I want to be but because nursing and cloth diapers are fucking cheaper and we cant afford seven kids so I have to
 
 and I really want to try not to do it at all
 
 and if Im only supplementing then that will be less formula then what soph drinks now
 
 so thats by bye formula
 
 sophi will be on milk or soy
 
 No its not
 
 you can't deny that in the case of twins
 
 and a 1 year old
 
 (1.5 year old) it is worth the headache for the free formula to suppliment
 
 so fuck off
 
 Ill fucking nurse two and use a demon electric pump and drain myself dry first
 
 NO
 
 WIC WIC WIC WIC WIC WIC WIC
 
 WIC!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 yes peta is dumb sometimes
 
 My tax refunds gonna be gone
 
 at least one crib (eventually we will want two but it can probably wait till next tax season). a breast feeding twin pillow
 
 clothes
 
 cloth diapers (there is no way I can afford disposables for the twins plus soph.)
 
 diaper pail
 
 sheets for ALL the beds
 
 a couple pairs of fat people shoes
 
 and some more bottles and maybe an atuomatic double pump (formula  for one is expensive
 
 fuck for two)
 
 http://news.cnet.com/8301-10797_3-57528398-235/peta-wages-war-on-pokemon-for-virtual-animal-cruelty/  OMFG  this is AWESOME!
 
 you can go crazy with any left over money from taxes ok
 
 its full enough for right now
 
 its not full yet. :P
 
 we have a frezeer full
 
 we are good right now
 
 :P never too much meat. :P
 
 we have so much meat its ridiculous
 
 we have plenty
 
 we dont need chicken right now
 
 but but but... cheap chicken.... I agree on the Walgreens part. :P
 
 well..Im not wrong
 
 :P
 
 stop buying bargains until we can fucking catch up at least a little
 
 not to mention gas for the car and paying to fix the fucking car
 
 We need to pay the morgage
 
 the electric
 
 the gas
 
 the water
 
 the car insurance
 
 the credit cards
 
 the cell phone bill and for christmas....
 
 but we have chicken and NO FUCKING MONEY
 
 and this is a chance to stock up on chicken for cheaper than we already have been. 
 
 I'll drink the MiO (caffeine. lol)
 
 and we have chicken...
 
 probably wont drink the MiO
 
 and I wont dink the pom juice
 
 lets catch up on the bills first
 
 I'm still getting the Pom juice
 
 Probably the MiO and definately the Chicken breasts. lol :P
 
 we dont need to spend more
 
 you spend more money then we have already
 
 love you too
 
 well its true
 
 love you spoil sport
 
 :P
 
 so there
 
 no need for any of it
 
 we have enough clenaing supplys till doomsday
 
 we currently have shampoo and Ive switched to the cheapo shit thats a buck a bottle
 
 I dont wear makeup cause Im lazy
 
 and I figure Ill probably be lazy for the better part of a year at least
 
 and we wouldn't have to get evertyhing that is on that list
 
 you can change it out with other stuff we do need cleaning wise
 
 makeup
 
 shampoo
 
 etc... that is in the Walgreen points book
 
 that we might have coupons for
 
 you dont need hair stuff? :P
 
 there ya go
 
 I think its stupid and we dont need more crap
 
 what do you think of the stuff on the list? other than the hallmark cards
 
 I think Imma do this. HAHA
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/11/walgreens-how-to-roll-balance-rewards-points-2/
 
 Imma back hand her if I dont get awy
 
 I quit
 
 so fuck it
 
 I asked her if she was a big girl or a baby and instead of responding she just screamed
 
 I just gave up and sent her to her room because she refused to talok to me and use her words.
 
 she will not stop fuckingh crying grrr
 
 lol
 
 floors never been so almost clean
 
 shes screeching from her room. Child makes me nuts. Yeah so thanks to the kids Ive actually quick mopped twice today lol
 
 grrrr damn kids
 
 seriously that child
 
 saundra got sent back to her room after spanking for screaming bloody fucking murder like I beat her
 
 Saundra just got spanked for screaming
 
 billy and adam got smacked for water in the playroom agian
 
 haha
 
 shes kinda sick of it
 
 her last kid is moved out and I think shes done
 
 yeah sounded like she was in the middle of something really loud. I think she is trying to push rene off on liz. Sylvia has been step mom
 
 her and sammy since I left
 
 she should know better than to trust a non parent. lol
 
 I meant on Sylvia
 
 bitch
 
 forgeting my kid
 
 damn right
 
 poo on her. :P
 
 kidk
 
 but since liz isnt working they decided it was step mom training time or something
 
 so usually his mom picks her up
 
 hes at work on wednesdays until 2:30
 
 why didn't mike get her?
 
 SO Im pissed off
 
 yet sympathetic
 
 but I have to give it to her because shes been in false labor for two weeks
 
 because she got confused
 
 Mikes gf forgot to pick up rene
 
 and according the the pediatrics of America etc thats the only reason to do it
 
 Nope Im not jewish
 
 nor am I muslim
 
 just plain weird.
 
 GRRRR!
 
 also
 
 because Im thinking of it
 
 Im not circumcising any of my children. Cutting off a childs genitals is barbaric
 
 kk
 
 and we dont have any mesh left
 
 I dont think so
 
 but it isnt that expensive
 
 and../or... how much of that mesh stuff is left from the stairs?
 
 or one of your grandmas?
 
 hmm.. doesnt Sylvia possibly have extra chicken wire?
 
 and it would be cheaper then the cinders and we would still have to do someting about the fence and gate
 
 he wouldnt cut himself if I added two feet
 
 if we have the extra
 
 I would just like to add another like 2 rows of the decorative cinders
 
 and it would look horrible. 
 
 he might cut himself on that one. 
 
 If we magically end up eith leftovers after taxes I can raise the fence and wall with some wire chicken wire and some poles
 
 no blender :P
 
 mix it with other juices
 
 you can add it to smoothies or something
 
 which I can eat like a bite of and then Im done
 
 like pomegranates
 
 and too rich
 
 it doesnt taste sweet it tastes tart and icky
 
 pom juice is actually sweet. lol
 
 maybe
 
 I dont know
 
 Ive never like pom juice
 
 its kinda tart and icky
 
 if you mixed it with something:P
 
 and pom juice wouold be good for you and babies
 
 we are running low from what I see
 
 but I need to get it printed somehow. lol
 
 ew pom juice
 
 you already showed me the water enhancer and do we need paper?
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/12/free-multipurpose-paper-at-staples-2/
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/10/mio-water-enhancer-only-1-16-at-kroger/
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/03/pom-wonderful-pomegranate-juice-only-0-50-at-kroger/
 
 grr I keep eating and Ive lost a pound. Mother FUCKER
 
 NEED 
 
 http://www.doubleblessings.com/sdbbtm.html
 
 that bruise from the day we got the dog is killing me. Its like my whole left side from hip to knee. ONly took a week for it to hurt....
 
 gettn ready to leave
 
 no clue... when they let me go
 
 When u gonna head home
 
 Elise is ordering pizza for dinner so atleast I only have to cook for me
 
 I'm so very very tired
 
  I doubt it. And they can't tel me til they review again on the seventeenth
 
 stock up on canned food for like 2 years. and not even dent the amount . LMFAO
 
 That would be an AMAZING couponing stockpiling opportunity. LMFAO
 
 so.. are they going to give us like 2-3 months of Foodstamps on the first then since they took over a month to review it? lol
 
 they said you did?
 
 That I have in everything required fire them to make a decision
 
 ? recheck?
 
 They aren't going to recheck until the seventeenth
 
 I want food stamps. lol
 
 Yeah...im not so good at that
 
 Im so tired
 
 cleaned the kitchen
 
 vaccumed
 
 bathed the children
 
 cleaned out the dishwasher
 
 now to relax.
 
 on hold with des trying to make sure they got sophias social security card
 
 okay I dont know if Ill drink it though
 
 lol
 
 Im suppost to cut back on the caffeination and shit
 
 and they have caffeinated ones
 
 because they have regular ones that are just flavor
 
 
 
 and.. makes water yummy for you
 
 its a good deal. lol
 
 Dork
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/10/mio-water-enhancer-only-1-16-at-kroger/  looks like fun. 
 
 love you too
 
 Lovde you.
 
 :P
 
 k I'll be mad at you later then
 
 Katey is coming over today. Your gonna be at work so youll just have to deal. You can be mad at me later
 
 http://cdn.leasticoulddo.com/comics/20121211.gif
 
 my body is used to it so its not like its gonna go theppppbyy pow
 
 Its like one fucking cup cause your not supposed to go over. Granted Im still drinking like three cups and they can suck my dick
 
 7oz coffee:\nDrip 115-175\nBrewed 80-135\nInstant 65-100\nDecaf
 
 brewed 3-4\nDecaf
 
 instant 2-3
 
 for 2.5 in your big mug
 
 its like 4 cups of coffee. lol
 
 umm no.. you really have no concept of caffeine amounts in drinks do you? lol
 
 thats like half a fucking cup of coffee
 
 lol
 
 ADAY! thats bullshit
 
 oh and only 200mg of caffiene a day
 
 no undercooked meat
 
 no premade salads or sandwhiches
 
 no deli meats
 
 no raw or over easy eggs
 
 no seafood
 
 no peanuts
 
 no honey
 
 no soft cheeses
 
 no fresh fruit juice unless it says pasturized. Seriously
 
 this is bs I eat what I want
 
 haha good thing Im not one of those paranoid preggers
 
 the list of shit Im not supposed to eat got longer
 
 this shit is a bitch
 
 Im not fucking hungry
 
 I so dont want to
 
 I need to eat a snack
 
 
 
 Grrrrrr
 
 but I love you lol 
 
 And Im not allowed to drink so much anymore and I have to wait till after breakfast to drink it because "caffiene limits iron absorbtion
 
 and can diminish the bodies ability to absorb nutrients" these kids HATE their mommy
 
 and you drink it too much that you have become accustomed to it
 
 so it doesnt work anymore
 
 because you make it wrong. :P
 
 why does coffee not work anymore?
 
 but I think we have enough left
 
 we still have a bag of potatoes
 
 one and a hlalf  onions
 
 three avacados
 
 a container and a half of mushrooms fifty million papayas (which I wont touch)grapefruit
 
 zuchinni and cucumber and radishes and limes and shit
 
 I hate it I hate it I hate it
 
 this is so fucking hard
 
 Im trying to eat better
 
 you are going thorugh the fruits and veggies pretty quick now. :-)
 
 well up to you for a basket
 
 
 
 kk
 
 remind me no more benedryl Im better off with the kids claritin. that one benedryl made me SOOOOO tired
 
 and I dont get money again until the....21st
 
 Im not craving anything but sleep
 
 and no I dont think so Im not craving oranges
 
 and all your money is going to bills
 
 na I dont need the hostess pack
 
 or do you think you'd want the hostess pack?
 
 do you think you'd eat all those oranges?
 
 in my account and that 5.00 tostinos thing
 
 Ive got 54.76
 
 Navel Oranges - Approx 20 lb from California\n(Max 5)  $11.00 ea
 
 (((I get paid friday)
 
 Hostess Pack - potatoes
 
 green beans
 
 grape tomatoes
 
 raddish
 
 leaf lettuce
 
 parsnips
 
 rainbow carrots
 
 onion
 
 cranberries.\n(Max 5)  $15.00 ea
 
 I have money but what are we gonna do about presents if we get bb
 
 do you have any money left?/did you want to order Bountiful baskets again?
 
 so you know
 
 mines is dead
 
 yes yes twins mommys phone isnt working
 
 Ding ring big
 
 Nozo
 
 Cellphones bring stupid but hospital has wifi
 
 the frys is directly across the street you know
 
 I can walk lol
 
 no car for shopping. lol
 
 i wanna go shopping
 
 pee and nap
 
 i wish you was home
 
 thats not horrible. Your fucking 5ft 8 and your wearing boots that weigh at least 2 pouns which means 185 and 100 for five feet and 8 pounds for ever inch after  and ten pounds on either side of that for body size so your only 11 lbs over weight
 
 187 (in uniform)
 
 I was 187 today at the doctors. and he told me I was OBESE. lol
 
 so stillnot gaining or losing weight
 
 im at 154.8
 
 Idk felt like saying monkeys
 
 ?
 
 also monkeys
 
 she thinks she can punish her nose
 
 its ridiculously cute
 
 she starts yelling and swatting at it
 
 she keeps getting pissed off when her nose wont work
 
 poo baby..
 
 Poor sopha soph shes all congesty
 
 because moms family still hasnt figured out if they are doing secret santa or not and if they are thats damn 25 more dollars
 
 dollar tree presents those presents. I have 100.00 to get a 25.00 gift card for my grandfather and presents for fourteen different kids. Fuck if I am spending a damn dollar over fifty bucks because I still have to get a test
 
 and milk
 
 and coffee and god knows wtf else
 
 hahaha
 
 our kids need no presents. lol
 
 what presents?
 
 TOO THE DOLLAR TREE! BWAHAHAHAH
 
 and 14 of them are for kids
 
 I have fifteen damn presents to buy
 
 made the Christmas shopping list now that I have my mullah
 
 its owie
 
 I have a goose egg by my hair line
 
 Did you hit me on the forehead? 
 
 At least they are doing a little better today
 
 Their fevers are down to like 99 degrees. They are still congested as all hell though
 
 we should get childrens motrin
 
 this is the page that comes up on web md and rsv doesnt fit
 
 nothing with a sore throat fits
 
 the only one that kinda fits is valley fever or a cold
 
 but the cold wouldnt cause the little rashes they are all getting.
 
 http://symptomchecker.webmd.com/multiple-symptoms?symptoms=cough|nasal-congestion|runny-nose|skin-rash&amp;symptomids=59|497|194|185&amp;locations=14|6|6|68
 
 which if they have it so long as they are better in a week and it doesnt get worse its no big woop
 
 I would think it would be to cold but it warms up by the time they are out and captain likes to kick dirt up
 
 Well
 
 I googled congestion
 
 cough
 
 fever and a slight rash and chills cause those are the kids symptoms and Valley fever pops up
 
 fuckers
 
 which sucks cause I called doctor frisby and because billys insurance is pending they cant see him which means if He has to be seen I have to take him to the er and pay cash
 
 ???!
 
 So the kids might have valley fever. Yay
 
 You silk at work
 
 It wouldnt be so horrible dealing with all the kids if it were just my kids cause they fucking listen when I scream loud enough. But her fucking kid
 
 fighting with my kids and ignoring me and acting like an idiot adds like sixteen kids worth of stress since he starts shit with ALL the other kids
 
 which will be fucking fun for me and all
 
 elise working 6-7 on monday
 
 Ive never had ac so fuck if I know
 
 no clue
 
 I think its in the AC unit?
 
 we need to replace the ac filter too
 
 except I have no clue where in fuck that even is
 
 which should help the kids allergies. We REALLY need a new filter
 
 that damn things all fd up
 
 but tolerable enough now it will give us a couple weeks
 
 vacuumed out the filter on the furnace
 
 soph screamin g adam stupid saundra whining billy crying riley getting into crap house a mess everyone is fucking hungry im too sick to move ands i cant fix
 
 ?
 
 i need help
 
  groomex etc has dander reducers though
 
 so.. dog shampoo or baby shampoo
 
 both are ok for dogs. 
 
 and i cant fix it
 
 and bubba and saundra wont stop sneezing
 
 she is crankers and adam has become stupid
 
 poor baby...
 
 soph wont stop crying
 
 we have a blender base there and bags and bowls
 
 okey dokey
 
 no
 
 (not the elise cabinet
 
 the one next to it on the left)
 
 no
 
 I thought we had an extra coffee maker in the cabinet under the microware
 
 i have an espresso machine el cheapo at moms
 
 do we have an extra coffee maker?
 
 we need to get dog shampooand wash the dog billy and saundra allergic. 
 
 not a numbe rthing lol
 
 its a duh thing
 
 lol not that Im aware of
 
 granted diabetes runs in my families but I dk Ive always been reactive hypoglycemic and I just eat when I feel shakey
 
 I didnt know ifyou wanted/neededto check your sugar levels
 
 its free now. :P
 
 why do we need a glucose moniter? and the damn strips are the expensive part. you can get a moniter for like 6 bucks at wallgreens
 
 TRUEresult Walgreens Blood Glucose Monitor $14.99\nBuy 1
 
 Submit for $14.99 Mail-In Rebate in package\nPay $14.99
 
 Submit $14.99 Mail-In Rebate\nFinal Price: Free \n \n\n
 
 we discussed no and um no and um no
 
 "because I was pretending it was candy" thats why paper gets torn up anmd piled in his room apparently and the toilet paper under the pillow is apparently "fif I have to blow my nose"
 
 I asked him why and he was like "I want to?" Child not an answer
 
 grr
 
 so hes got another hamster pile he has to pick up by hand
 
 adam is stuck in his room an extra twenty. He found like fifteen thousand pieces of paper and ripped them into piles
 
 and the only cooked meat left is the pork and it smells funny
 
 I tried cereal
 
 my stomach rejected milk
 
 or meat. lots of meat
 
 hmm... cereal. lol
 
 and if Im FUCKING KNOCKED UP I BETTER BE LKE FIVE MONTHS ALONG
 
 and fucking hungry and sick
 
 and grumpy and criey
 
 Ugh im so annoyed 
 
 lol
 
 uh yeah not gonna help
 
 I 'beat you' during break down. HAHA. jk
 
 but I has no time
 
 thats what else I iwant
 
 mental break down curl up in ball and cry for an hour
 
 nope
 
 spankey you ;)
 
 punk
 
 spunkey
 
 spankey
 
 smankeyu
 
 mankey
 
 munkeys
 
 munkeys
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 because this case sale is until the 11th
 
 then I'll go stock up. 
 
 kk. I'll see how much the van costs. 
 
 eggs
 
 refried beans
 
 peanut butter
 
 cottage cheese
 
 salsa (hot)
 
 corn chips
 
 bread
 
 poor brothers salt and vinegar chips
 
 tuna and shrimp
 
 dude
 
 I just wrote the list up there
 
 so... a case of refried beans
 
 peanut butter
 
 
 
 which is also on the add so there
 
 also shrimp
 
 and its stuff I want
 
 on the ads
 
 All that stuff was on the list
 
 a case of peanut butter? lol
 
 eggs refried beans peanut butter cottage cheese salsa (hot) corn chips bread poor brothers salt and vinegar chips tuna thats all I see on there. 
 
 its the case lot sale. 
 
 looky
 
 is there anything we need/want/would be nice to have?
 
 http://frysfood.mywebgrocer.com/Circular/FRYS-034/000341948/Weekly/1/1
 
 this is bullshit
 
 I cant stop crying. I cried during the part in pocahontas where john smith rescues thomas. Not even a sappy part fuckers
 
 god damn stomach
 
 cnat figure out what the fuck that is though
 
 that wont make me puke
 
 to eat something
 
 you know what I want?
 
 I want my damn car. lol
 
 ah they can fuck off
 
 california is the tint
 
 good cause I just missed it
 
 no
 
 should I answer?
 
 it just started ringing
 
 yes from california right now
 
 my phone ring?
 
 I need to get a test today
 
 because If I am
 
 its not so big a deal and Ii can wait to go to the doctor. If Im not
 
 I need to make an appt cause someting is wrong
 
 which is a bitch
 
 technically I could go to the docs now
 
 but its gonna cost me like 30 damn dollars
 
 yeah thank fucking god
 
 lol
 
 at least we can fax it
 
 I need my damn insurance cause I need to go to the damn doctors now
 
 also
 
 whatever this is
 
 is killing me
 
 Sophia keeps trying to steal all the clothe
 
 YEAH easy peasy
 
 so I just need to send it with mom on sunday and have her fax the bitch for me on monday
 
 haha they said I can fax it bwahahahaha
 
 fuckers
 
 i hate the damn des i need money so i dont have to deal with them
 
 Im calling to see if I fucking can
 
 fucking a
 
 I wish I could just fax it
 
 which is going to be fun to figure out how and WHEN the fuck I can do that
 
 now I just have to go down to the office downtown before the seventeenth and sit their for three fucking hours
 
 woot
 
 I remembered wed signed the thing to have it mailed to us when she was born
 
 It was in our room
 
 I found it!!
 
 same damn thing
 
 so what did they say about the food portion? since that is seperate from the insurnace?
 
 that doesnt sound right.. .booo
 
 or something
 
 you have to request it
 
 nope
 
 I thought we had a copy
 
 I dont know how in hell Im going to do that even if the fucking van is working
 
 fucking bitch ass bullshit
 
 so I need to go down to the damn place
 
 get a copy of her birthcertificate
 
 go down to social security
 
 request a ssc and then wait a week and hope it gets here by the 17th so I can take it down to des
 
 no they just suddenly decided they need it
 
 is that what was holding it up? or did they lose it again?
 
 they need a copy of Sophias social security card
 
 any luck? or still on hold?
 
 as all hell
 
 I just want to share that hold music is painful
 
 my head hurts
 
 lol
 
 and elise is finally awake
 
 booya
 
 yay twenty minutes on hold
 
 only another hour to go
 
 okey dokey
 
 finally got through to hold. Elise still isnt awake
 
 which means tonight Im giong to have to listen to her bitching about how she didnt see her kid and Im going to go off. Just so your prepared
 
 its a fuckign bitch ass
 
 thats it
 
 billy has NO insurance
 
 and me and rene have umr but it covers like nothing and copay is like 20 dollars. Sophia is covered until the fifteenth of next month
 
 Its pissing me off
 
 time to try and get through everyday
 
 Ive been calling about once a week for two months. 
 
 Ive been calling all morning I keep getting "we are experiencing a high volume of calls
 
 please call back later. click" Its pissing me off
 
 and then call back. lol
 
 time to call
 
 ask why there hasn't been a decision
 
 they cant really help me at the local office
 
 it has to go through the "check out people" which means I just have to keep fucking calling the big office
 
 time to just go to the damn office. and wait i guess
 
 this is pissing me off
 
 its been two months and des hasnt made a damn decision. I need to be able to take my fucking kids to the doctors
 
 okie dokie
 
 I had to plug it in upstairs
 
 and thats where the mechanic is calling
 
 can you keep an ear out for my phone?
 
 Aunt barb posted a pic of her living room and her issue finding a place for a xmas tree. My question...there are only three people in that house
 
 why do they have two couches AND a recliner?
 
 lol
 
 they were too buxy trying to get me to take them to brush their teeth thoughts o I dont think they noticed
 
 walk in to the living room fifteen minutes after the kids and there is porn
 
 well it loaded by the time I got up lol 
 
 didn't watch anything because it didn't load.. oh well.. boooo
 
 :P
 
 like toilet flushing
 
 it should be one of those things you double check
 
 seriously
 
 nope
 
 yor really bad about leaving it open
 
 nothing loaded
 
 I thought I closed it
 
 you left the bad stuff up on the computer again. youve got to stop that
 
 ok
 
 heres the Fry's Caselot sale starting on wed
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=516151691742294&amp;set=a.516151655075631.120175.113296398694494&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=20&amp;ref=nf
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 and she took Riley downstairs and decided it was time for them to take a shower
 
 That Im sick as hell and barely capable of moving from the damn computer desk
 
 what do you mean you're craptastic and she took him for a shower?
 
 cant wait till shes fucking gone
 
 Bitch got home
 
 sees im craptastic and decides to take riley to take a shower. Ive been craptastic all day taking care of your damn fucking kid for free and you cant wait for phillip to get home to take a fucking shower to help me out? Fucking bitch whore
 
 upside the babys fever is mostly gone
 
 YES
 
 still feeling bad&gt;?
 
 it doesnt show up on the site but it shows up on google.
 
 8705 E Speedway Blvd
 
 Tucson
 
 AZ 
 
 http://www.localstore.net/store/406845/rite-aid-pharmacy/tucson/
 
 guess no free laundry detergent
 
 guess not. darn
 
 not showing up on the RITE AID store locater
 
 yeah I have no clue where the fuck but I know there is at least one
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/02/free-arm-hammer-detergent-at-rite-aid/  and you said we had a rite aid in tucson
 
 thats caffeinated. lol
 
 ick
 
 whatever
 
 koolaid
 
 we got thirty thousand packs of coolaid
 
 I dont know what the hell wed need that for
 
 target
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/03/mio-water-enhancer-0-29-or-better-than-free-at-target/
 
 target
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/03/centrum-vitamins-as-low-as-0-49-at-target/
 
 I have never really shopped at target
 
 that is awesome and no not that I know of 
 
 free stocking stuffers. AWESOME
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/03/free-mini-transformers-toys-at-walgreens/ hehe
 
 do you/we have a target card?
 
 and the tortillas
 
 the mexican themed
 
 2 baskets. 
 
 ok.. got stuff ordered
 
 not yet
 
 isn't elise home?
 
 because children
 
 I wanna whine
 
 cry and curl in a fetal position and I cant
 
 I dont feel well
 
 rofl whatever works
 
 I might pay the Capital one card so I can get BB. lol with it
 
 it declined my card for some reason. I hate BB with my damn card. BOO!
 
 and my mucsles are sore from dry heaving and no sleep from sophia 
 
 death warmed over with more death
 
 I feel like death
 
 kk
 
 I dont care
 
 baby do whatever you want. Im just too icky to care right now
 
 it ends up being 1.5$ a dozen
 
 cheaper than the store. 
 
 what about the tortillas
 
 well
 
 the granolla is expensive but the kids will eat it. Or the mexican theme basket im sure I could use too. But we do fine without the extras. They are just $$$$ we dont have you know
 
 any thoughts?
 
 Veggie Lovers Pack - Mexican Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! A Mexica themed variety to help fill out the dinner tabl\n(Max 5)  $8.50 ea
 
 Tortilla Pack - 7 dz total: 3 dz 12 in. flour Tortillas
 
 2 dz - 6 in. flour
 
 2 dz - 6 in. corn - $10.50\n(Max 5)  $10.50 eaSourdough Bread - 5 loaves\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaORGANIC Original Sweet 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)  $12.00 eaGingerbread House Kit - *Totally Edible* approx 8 in cube Ingredients: Flour
 
 brn sugar
 
 butter
 
 honey
 
 eggs
 
 soda
 
 salt\n(Max 5)  $8.50 eaORGANIC Coconut Oil with scent (less processed) - 1/2 gallon expeller pressed in a glass jar\n(Max 5)  $20.50 eaCherry Pecan Granola - Ingredients: Rolled oats
 
 honey
 
 coconut oil
 
 cherries
 
 pecans
 
 pumpkin seeds
 
 flax seeds
 
 vanilla
 
 salt\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaAssorted bread pack (3 loaves savory 9 grain
 
 1 loaf cinnamon raisin wheat
 
 1 baguette)\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaMixed Nuts in shells - 2 lb Arizona Pecans
 
 2 lb California Walnuts
 
 2 lb California Almonds\n(Max 5)  $17.00 eaArizona Produce Basket &amp; Bread
 
 I do not have the patience for the stupididty of the children today
 
 so I dont kill him
 
 so hes in his room
 
 then when I went to take the knife he thought that the proper response was to defend himself by blocking me and hit me in the fucking face
 
 and for trying to saw billys fucking finger off
 
 adam got in trouble for lying to me
 
 so adam and billy got in trouble for knives
 
 lol better than what I thought
 
 adam told me he didnt do anything and came running around the corner with the damn bloody steak knife in his hand
 
 so....billy hit him and screamed
 
 he just didnt realize how sharp the knife was
 
 not in play
 
 bubba made him mad
 
 adams response was to attempt to cut billys finger off with a steak knife
 
 im assuming by pretending to cut him with a butter knife
 
 billy pissed adam off
 
 unsure on how
 
 adam pulled a steak knife
 
 billy got a butter knife
 
 Billy and Adam decided they needed knives for their cantaloupes
 
 now whaty about adam?
 
 thinking maybe its strewss related
 
 apparently now if I dont sleep enough then I puke all day. Good to know
 
 cant stop fucking puking
 
 you should get the multis then
 
 
 
 but the multi's are the cheapest
 
 thers the link that shows the other vitamins available. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/03/centrum-vitamins-as-low-as-0-49-at-target/
 
 I'm sorry hun. 
 
 should have had you take the car. Been excorsict vomiting since you left so kids are stuck here. Carrying a damn bpot everywhere
 
 we have a bunch of vitamins but It wont hurt anything to have more I guess. Well moms printer obviously and if you ask her nicely maybe she can use one at work or at school or grandmas
 
 Would you take/or do we need multi vitamins?  because we got a bunch of these coupons from the papers yesterday. 
 
 Buy 2 Centrum Multivitamins
 
 100 ct $6.99
 
 regular price\n\nBuy 2
 
 Receive $5.00 Target Gift Card\n\nUse two $3.00/1 Centrum Regular
 
 Silver Multivitamin or Flavor Burst Chews from RP 12/2 (exp 1/5)\n\nAnd use one $2.00/1 Centrum Vitamins
 
 limit one item or offer per coupon
 
 Target Coupon from Target Mobile Coupon\n\nPay $5.98
 
 Receive $5.00 Target Gift Card\nFinal Price: $0.49 each
 
 when you buy 2 
 
 _______________________
 
 any ideas?
 
 and get the free soy milk
 
 we need to find a way to get a bunch of different computers so we can print these out. 
 
 http://www.westsoymilk.com/coupons/
 
 So I dont grow up to look like ma
 
 eye cream stuff if thats what the one says then yeah
 
 but yay soy milk
 
 starbucks coffee icky
 
 10/28-12/10\nL\u2019Or\xe9al Paris Skincare Item\nBuy 1
 
 get $1 off Catalina\n\n10/28-12/17\nL\u2019Or\xe9al Paris Eye Item\nBuy 1
 
 get $1 off Catalina\n\n10/28-12/17\nL\u2019Or\xe9al Paris Excellence Shade\nBuy 1
 
 get $2 off Catalina\n\n10/28-12/17\nL\u2019Or\xe9al Paris EverCr\xe8me
 
 EverSleek
 
 EverPure
 
 EverStrong Treatment\nBuy 1
 
 get $1 off Catalina\n\n  Do you think you might want any of these?  I think I have some coupons
 
 and they are a catalina special right now. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/12/02/starbucks-coffee-as-low-as-3-66-at-target/
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/11/30/free-westsoy-soy-milk-at-dollar-tree/
 
 I had the schedule wrong for my conference
 
 I have to be at work tomorrow at like 645am
 
 mornin :)
 
 base off.so you can come back downstairs
 
 Bass owie hiding from ouchr
 
 this is what you should do now
 
 off work nicotine home
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 ???
 
 I gut something in my oye
 
 oye have something to tell you
 
 oi vay?
 
 and oye what\n
 
 my fucking stomach
 
 oye oye oyeoyeoye
 
 ?
 
 god damn it
 
 cool
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/11/26/duracell-batteries-only-0-99-at-kroger/
 
 need more food
 
 not enough food in the house
 
 god damn hungry lately
 
 Also
 
 Im fucking hungry again
 
 stupid people dont they know that I am out of ciggarettes? This is a life or death situation
 
 probably leaving in like 15-20
 
 no clue though. can't leave till I'm told to. 
 
 and you didnt answer my question
 
 and we have a printer....if we could find the power cord
 
 but okay I could get jeans at the damn thrift store
 
 I cant see the links
 
 but they are 9/10
 
 jeans. lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2613580234126&amp;set=oa.206632892735439&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 its at kolb and I10 and needs ink
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4630268249061&amp;set=o.365418540159717&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 you know what I mean pain in the butt
 
 I'm not a honda :P
 
 You honda be home soon
 
 mwah
 
 Also &lt;3
 
 smokes por favor
 
 I think im going to have to spend ten buck s next week though and get it cleaned up. Its hard to cut the back of my own head
 
 Cause itdoes that
 
 and my hair was boring me
 
 but that this is easier
 
 No I dont
 
 I say I miss long hair
 
 no I dont
 
 but you keep saying (I want long hair.. I want long hair)
 
 :P
 
 you cant grr it yet
 
 you dont even know what it looks like
 
 did you just grr my hair cut
 
 grrr
 
 lol Nikki shouldnt be left alone with scissors when the kids are sleeping. I cut my hair again...
 
 you wish you were as sexy as my profile picture. lol
 
 fine ill head out
 
 At youre mums now
 
 when are you going to get out?
 
 Come pick me up at your mums then
 
 for my tired brain
 
 wish you were gonna be home wanting snuggles and hugs
 
 Hope your having fun
 

 
 its bad for you
 
 and you cant stay up that late
 
 love you too
 
 you can text me
 
 and I get it on breaks. Love you
 
 it'll be a long night
 
 I wont be home until like 930 once I leave for tutoring
 
 tonight will have booze in it. (after trumpet tutoring
 
 and the concert band. )
 
 we get to do 'group' sessions now.. GRRRR I dont like groups
 
 well back to class. Love you hun. 
 
 I didn't think it could look that good
 
 and that picture is dyed concrete. 
 
 so we have quartz
 
 granite
 
 slate
 
 or sealed concrete
 
 I want a top we can cut on
 
 black?
 
 no that would be a bitch for me to clean
 
 jeans not boots
 
 thirty dollars would be just tenough to get boots
 
 I like that countertop
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;sa=X&amp;tbo=d&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=wAoKtLvGAl1yJM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.concretenetwork.com/photo-gallery/concrete-countertops_2/98027-wa-bickley-artisan-concrete-black-dye_14356/&amp;docid=-no2e3Y0Hz-kCM&amp;imgurl=http://static.concretenetwork.com/photo-gallery/images/400x400Max/concrete-countertops_2/black-dye-bickley-artisan-concrete_14356.jpg&amp;w=400&amp;h=300&amp;ei=HK23ULjyMoqkiQL2zYDACw&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=379&amp;vpy=159&amp;dur=993&amp;hovh=194&amp;hovw=259&amp;tx=124&amp;ty=92&amp;sig=109281970347600711678&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=143&amp;tbnw=191&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=25&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:8
 
s:0
 
i:114
 
 I need jeans more than boots
 
 get you some jeans
 
 or boots
 
 lol  figured it would probably be that
 
 I hoped for one 100 one though. lol
 
 all the vs stuff is for ten dollars. so when you get home I guess if we have money ill buy more panties lol
 
 it still says no decision made
 
 I have no fucking clue
 
 so are we getting foodstamps on the first?
 
 too hard to digest
 
 the chicken is all gone lol and I dont want corn hurt s my tumy
 
 lol
 
 go 
 
 chicken cheese corn tortilla wrap
 
 but my tummy hurts
 
 I should probably do that lol
 
 I still havent eaten yet today. 
 
 There you go lol
 
 went to work for lunch. I had a 'cup o noodles' in my desk drawer. lol
 
 mwah
 
 apparently health wise aries fits lol
 
 who knew
 
 Also the reason Im a clutz...aries
 
 so according to the internet. The reason I was sick before the whole malabsorbtion thing is that my fire was too low which is why I was craving spicy food and steak. And now my issue is my fire is to high which is why i gave myself and ulcer adn im angry. 
 
 ANd you need to clean out your dirty laundry from your room tonight so I can actually wash it please
 
 I think she expects me to be appreciative. sucks to be her. 
 
 lol
 
 Elise did the dishes last night and eptied the drier. Yay shes officially helped clean 12 days of the 3 months shes been here
 
 yay all day class lol poor baby
 
 Lol poor babe
 
 I just found out this class is all day Boooooooo
 
 so now he is pissed and angry cause he wont make it intime for school breakfast. Sucks to be him
 
 adams mad at me
 
 wouldnt leave until he ate his breakfast
 
 IM tired and I hurt and I have no damn clue what the fuck to make for dinner. God damnit. Fuck a duck and shit
 
 home soon?
 
 fucking whore
 
 and my mom keeps telling me im pregnant
 
 my tummy sucks
 
  Im going back to dr who
 
 I dont like
 
 It is mean
 
 its not wanting to dl now. for some reason
 
 I dont like the downloading
 
 Its evil that is all I know about flash
 
 and I have tried fixing flash. no clue whats wrong
 
 hmm... sometimes you can right click and download it to watch. 
 
 no flassh member
 
 I want. lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuiKbnA3w0Q&amp;list=LPulFrhNjeXXw&amp;index=1&amp;feature=plcp
 
 rofl dork
 
 I wish we had more money. I want a puppy 
 
 or a kitty. or a lizard. lol
 
 and I confuse myself. lol
 
 I'm sorry I expect to much out of you
 
 lol I have to work fast or I lose all concentration
 
 Can't really slow down. 
 
 see the told you ^your supposed to tell me before you steal my money
 
 make plans known if you want to avoid confusion or argument
 
 your expectaions in personal relationshyips are too high
 
 slow down or you will create more work for others
 
 whats mine say?
 
 haha
 
 lol my horoscope says im in a good mood. "balanced and relaxe" my horoscope is full of shit
 
 :P love you
 
 okay good job
 
 called the school
 
 so Mrs. Palmer knows sylvia is picking up adam
 
 damn fucked up the 1335 not 1345
 
 2:35 and 1:35
 
 I think I did my military time right lol
 
 lol
 
 monday tuesday thursday friday 1435 weds 1345
 
 damn spelling typos today.. I'm done with work... grrrr....
 
 I'll check with my supercisor when he gets back. 
 
 elise will be working 10:30 to 7:30 so she can drop them off but cant get them
 
 the fifth through the 14th you can have the van if you can pick the kids up....
 
 2 days till i get paid
 
 584-5000
 
 so fn use it and call the school
 
 you have ten dollars
 
 you were gonna use it anyway
 
 
 
 I can pick him up but thats it
 
 so I cant friggin change the rules or whatever
 
 and Im not his parents
 
 shes on the fucking list
 
 you call the damn school 
 
 I'm hungry..
 
 call the school so adam knows.. 
 
 goodie. 
 
 Sylvia says she will pick him up for me
 
 I think Im going to
 
 sinceyou have a migraine
 
 and your leg hurts
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 if I could get off today I would. you might want to ask mike to pick adam up. 
 
 I need a god damn mother fucking chauffer for when my brain is exploding. Its making me fucking irritable. Also god damn sons of monkeys Im bitchy today because I fucking hurt my head hurts
 
 my damn leg hurts and im annoyed and the house is a mess and all I want to do is curl up in a fetal position and cry but I cn because I have shit to do
 
 Saundra wont fucking stop screaming
 
 riley is whining and fucking Elise is still here
 
 mom cant fucking pick them up unless its an emergency
 
 you have the bike
 
 elise is working
 
 kris is working
 
 god damnit
 
 migraines suck
 
 I know that feeling. 
 
 I gotta ask mom if she can pick up the kids
 
 my fucking head is pounding. Driving seems like a bad idea 
 
 trying to keep up with the kids
 
 the house and the two of you is killing me
 
 its pissing me off
 
 Ive had a migraie since yesterday
 
 when I'm home for lunch I always make my own
 
 becuase the kids have the food. or I call ahead.
 
 Im so damned stressed
 
 
 
 this shit irritates me
 
 Im so tired. Elsie came home as Im making lunch
 
 microwaved a can of corn. Then ate the friggin food in the pot so there wasnt enough for the kids to have seconds
 
 well off to meeting. back in a bit
 
 no money
 
 well buy a power ball ticket. Drawings tonight
 
 I want to with the lottery... I want one of these for the kitchen in place of the stove
 
 http://www.centralrestaurant.com/Commercial-Griddle---Heavy-DutyGas-48-inW-c101p15420.html
 
 http://www.centralrestaurant.com/Commercial-Griddle---72-inW-Ultra-Max-Heavy-Duty-Electric-6-Controls-c101p14568.html
 
 I quit
 
 Ive got six fucking kids to take care of that keep walking all over me
 
 Im not adding two fucking adults to it. God damn it
 
 making me angry
 
 tired of being walked on
 
 I pay for everyones gas
 
 in cars I rarely fucking use
 
 I take care of kids
 
 clean cook
 
 Im not doing anyones laundry anymore and you two can cook for your damn selves
 
 everyone keeps using me and its pissing me off
 
 whatever what the hell
 
 you were gonna use it to buy lunch anyways cause your on the mother fucking bike you can pick anythign up anyway liar face
 
 (for that house anyways)
 
 and when i went to get the bike yesterday.. the living room was clean
 
 I'm sorry.. its still in my wallet
 
 jerk face
 
 i was gonna use that
 
 fucker dont take my fucking money without saying something
 
 ya in case I needed to pick something up on the way home
 
 because you occasionally message me for picking something up. 
 
 and did you take my fucking money? Im missing a ten
 
 im gonna go smoke!
 
 cant even clean up after your damn selves fucking plates and cups everywhere fucking ridiculous
 
 useless
 
 god damn teenagers the both of you pisses me the fuck off
 
 you know the one that just takes up space and gives me more fucking work to do
 
 take the other nanny
 
 BEING NANNY SUCKS BALLS IN PUBLIC
 
 and I DONT WANT TO GO 
 
 Ive done one load of dishes
 
 vacuumed
 
 swept down stairs
 
 started a load of laundry
 
 fed the kids
 
 cleaned the kitchen
 
 mopped the floor
 
 and now I done. And no I dont fucking WEAR girl colors
 
 and I think that you with pink and puprle hair would be cute in a purple or pink dress. lol
 
 i love you :)
 
 im going on strike
 
 I vaccum take care of kids
 
 do all the dishes
 
 do all the damn laundry
 
 cook all the damn food
 
 its getting annoying
 
 Elise helps like once every two weeks when she feels like it
 
 and you take out the garbage once a week when I pester you enough.
 
 Its upsetting me
 
 Im tired o fnot having help
 
 it makes me ansy and twitchy
 
 and makes me want to punch people who look at me wrong. I have purple and pink hair
 
 Ill end up punching someone
 
 and I dont like being the damn nanny while surrounded by people you work with
 
 uh no because Im your damn nanny
 
 except for booze. lol
 
 Sgt Hammond said she would sponsor me and a guest so we wouldn't have to pay. lol
 
 and why dont you want to go to a lovely night out for a holiday party? lol
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 also how  many god damn times have I fn told you
 
 you take the bike out you put the fucking seats back in. Do you know how hard it is for me to pull the seat up and put three carseats back in while trying to get six kids ready/keep them ni the damn house/from killing each other?
 
 fucking af bastards
 
 with your work? No
 
 do you want to go to the holiday party? :-)
 
 Huh? I have you a kiss before I got ready
 
 always ignoring me. Pain in my ass
 
 this is not good
 
 and I have no clue what in hell to make for lunch
 
 Im bored
 
 
 
 I dont like blonde
 
 light pink is better than blonde
 
 There might be enough bubble gum left to cover it
 
 so I think Im going to wash my hair today and see if there is any dye left tomorrow to cover the blonde spots
 
 grr
 
 Damn children making me insane
 
 I love you too
 
 meza looooooooooooooove you :D
 
 Home soon?
 
 :P
 
 so there
 
 it was Rene and Saundra
 
 and I didnt take it apart infront of him. He was in his room
 
 no excuses
 
 NO. I dont care
 
 he is five mother fucking years old and he KNOWS what the rules are. Which is why when I looked up he was looking at me and the minute I looked up he dropped the lid. He knows it is wrong
 
 you took it apart yesterday in front of hime
 
 you should have seen that coming
 
 He isnt allowed to pick movies for a week
 
 Adam just tried to take apart the god damn vcr.
 
 SLoooooooooooooooooooooow day from hell
 
 i know ..
 
 Its only 1:30 :(
 
 thats what sophia says
 
 rrewerdeffeer.r
 
re
 
e3 rmn3n4b43c3s2a33qio446788999900yte
 
 evil bastards
 
 gonna beat the kids
 
 just thought id share
 
 its bullshit
 
 also that friggin cut on my middle finger that just randomly appeared REALLY HURTS. like ridiculously
 
 Im going to have sixty dollars plus enough to put gas in the van. Thats it
 
 dislike 
 
 stupid heads
 
 fucking bull
 
 stupid new rules and shit
 
 since when do you need that? We used to just give our names
 
 6am to volunteer
 
 7 to pick up
 
 and its back on Saturday again
 
 thank you.. you have to have that to pick up the order.
 
 just for you :D
 
 Contribution confirmation number: 4812674296
 
 kk
 
 done
 
 kk
 
 elfman89
 
 the login stuff is apj_elfman@yahoo.com
 
 ok. well order one basket then. 
 
 lol 
 
 Sophia keeps finding the newspaper rubber bands and then losing it when I take them. Then calming down to say "bababadadada dada dada" I think she associates rubber bands with her dada
 
 I want to save as much money as possible for xmas
 
 I dont want to get any extras
 
 Veggie Lovers Pack - Mexican Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! A Mexica themed variety to help fill out the dinner tabl\n(Max 5)  $8.50 ea\n\nSourdough Bread - 5 loaves\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\n\nORGANIC Original Sweet 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)  $12.00 ea\n\nGingerbread House Kit - *Totally Edible* approx 8 in cube Ingredients: Flour
 
 brn sugar
 
 butter
 
 honey
 
 eggs
 
 soda
 
 salt\n(Max 5)  $8.50 ea\n\nCherry Pecan Granola - Ingredients: Rolled oats
 
 honey
 
 coconut oil
 
 cherries
 
 pecans
 
 pumpkin seeds
 
 flax seeds
 
 vanilla
 
 salt\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\n\nAssorted bread pack (3 loaves savory 9 grain
 
 1 loaf cinnamon raisin wheat
 
 1 baguette)\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\n\nSatsuma Tangerines (these are the ones that often have UGLY loose skin. Easy to peel) - Approx 25 lb from California\n(Max 5)  $20.00 ea\n\nMixed Nuts in shells - 2 lb Arizona Pecans
 
 2 lb California Walnuts
 
 2 lb California Almonds\n(Max 5)  $17.00 ea
 
 but I wanted to put some money aside for Christmas at least like twenty of what I pull out or we are going to be fucked. Then I can get gas
 
 for one at least
 
 that will leave enough in the account for bountiful baskets
 
 pull out like sixty bucks for incidentals
 
 99.00 I gotta give elise like 10 bucks for gas so thats 89
 
 god damn mother fuckers
 
 Finally got the money in
 
 the car only has gas till like 260 so dont drive too much
 
 and I doubt they will reinstate my damn insurance until the fucking first which pisses me the hell off
 
 s
 
 god damn bastard
 
 just fucking approve my shit already
 
 you have all the paperwork you could ever possibly need on the planet earth
 
 you have my paperwork
 
 I just want insurance and fs
 
 Im like mother fuck
 
 Its friggin irritating though
 
 No cause its the 800 number so its not the local office that actually did the fuck up
 
 did you bitch at them for not making a decision in 2 months?
 
 god damn sons of bitches
 
 Then I have to fuckking reapply again in january 
 
 so hopefully by the first it will be done
 
 I finally got off the damn phone. Apparently my helathinsurance wasnt cancelled it was denied for the month of november for an unknown reason so she is telling them to reopen it and then she put in for them to decide on my fs
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/at-home/potluck-perfection-great-deals-on-pyrex-lidded-mixing-bowls-dishes/
 
 If we had money to cover copays and billy and sophia had other insurance I wouldnt care but....you know obviously not the situation
 
 fucking bastards
 
 I just want insurance
 
 its friggin irritating
 
 I dont know what the fuck is up with them that they are incapable of saying yes or not
 
 Im on hold again to talk to an agent
 
 yeah they still havent made a decision
 
 Ill call again but Idk
 
 I dont know what the fuck
 
 I keep calling for some reason they are incapable of making a damn decision
 
 call those fuckers today then. 
 
 either way doctors are important you know
 
 or Im knocked up
 
 I think I have an intestinal infection
 
 I need my fn health insurance back so I can go to the fucking doctors
 
 lol
 
 the internet is not useful
 
 im either pregnant
 
 have labyrinthitis
 
 an stomach infection or a heart attack lol
 
 so I googled nausea
 
 vomiting
 
 and dizzy
 
 she stiches their names on and some kind of little logo thing with her fancy machine
 
 lol
 
 thats about how big that renes is
 
 probably
 
 painting. grrr
 
 are they going to be the size of my oil panting? lol
 
 grandma is making the kids fleece blankets lol
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/at-home/cozy-on-the-cheap-50-x-60-fleece-throws-only-2-50/
 
 but I think thats what rob has
 
 collness
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/family/knex-value-400-piece-tub-only-10-97-at-amazon/ kinexts
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/11/24/pillsbury-holiday-funfetti-cookie-mix-only-0-13-at-target/
 
 senty ou an email on aol
 
 they have TARDIS LEGGINS!!! I wish I had 37.50 lol they are even on sale!!!!
 
 but they cost so much id be afraid to wear them
 
 and they have like fifty million different ones
 
 so like "The Kiss" turned into pants etc
 
 I know
 
 they are leggings
 
 overly tight with famous paintings on them as the pattern
 
 lol
 
 I can't view cheezburger. you konw that
 
 I need to find some knock offs at like walmart or something
 
 fucking stupid
 
 did you see the leggings? they have art leggins and c3p0 leggings and all kinds of cool stuff. ONly 105.00 a damn pair
 
 kk
 
 still no money ill check again at ten or eleven cause thats usually when it transfers into my account even on fridays
 
 because BB opens in a couple hours
 
 havent checked yet Im afraid to check and see no money
 
 did you get your money?
 
 
 
 I wish you friggin had a car and could pick them up mom cant do it cause she has to be back on grandmas side of town at one. Fucking pain in my ass. Should have let them stay home when they said they didint want to go to school today but noooooo had to be all school is good for you
 
 fuck fuck fuck a duck. Elise cant pick up the kids today because they fucking get out at 140 which means I have to unload fucking four kids and load up fucking six kids while surrounded by screaming children and stupid parents. maybe mom can pick them uop
 
 also I have issues when it comes to people talking about autism. childhood issues from brothers and shit. I get the same way about add and adhd
 
 autism is caused by environment. Hes full of shit
 
 that it has nothing to do with genetics. Environment may be increasing the amount seen but he isn't taking genetics
 
 the continual readjustment as to what is or is not autism or the fact that fewer babies are dying at birth or during pregnancy due to medical intervention
 
 the fact that more "rotten eggs" are turning into children because dumb women are having kids in their fourtys now like there is no risk to it. Hes a retard spouting off tree hugging hippy rhetoric with nothing to back it up and hes probably one of those people who think fucking shots give kids autism. Hes retarded and should have his mouth ducktaped shut. Grrr I hate those people.
 
 why?
 
 thought Id share
 
 fucking pretentious idiot who needs to be bitch slapped
 
 no clue who that is
 
 ryan long
 
 your friends are idiots
 
 theres still two left
 
 we just got arbys roast beef cause they were cheap
 
 what for dinner
 
 You home soin
 
 I found the twrmty bucks leftover from weirnerschnitzel can I use it for dinner?
 
 lol
 
 we should add a hp test to that list. I dont think I am because I dont feel it
 
 but no period and vomiting I should check. I should get one of those dollar store ones lol they worked for Renee
 
 lol
 
 shes a strange woman
 
 its still fucking weird
 
 whatever works for ya
 
 (shes really big on fair treatment)
 
 she is taking the other troop out to lunch
 
 so she asked if I wanted to do coffee or schedule another day so she could buy me lunch too
 
 um...okay
 
 Apparently Sgt Hammond (new supervisor) is picking me up from the house after my appointment and taking me out for coffee to do my initial feedback (expectations from me etc..)
 
 have fun
 
 love you crazy lady. I'm off to another meeting
 
 Im so tired
 
 and I cant stop puking and im not sure if IM fucking pregnant or just so anemic I cant have a period
 
 and Im tired. And I think Im fucking pregnant and I dont want to be pregnant and I just want to curl up and cry but my boobs arent getting bigger so I can be pregnant and Im losing my damn mind.
 
 that would work I guess
 
 you could take the van to and from the appt and then the bike.
 
 It'll be interesting I'll have to figure it out today
 
 and I cant drop you off at work with the van cause the bike wont fit with the four kids
 
 so that would suck
 
 and then you couldnt pick them up
 
 cause if you take the kids to school at eight then go at nine then be done youd still have to go to work
 
 well if you have to be there at nine and will at anytime be done before 2 nvm you have to work huh
 
 Mwah.. love you tired girly
 
 that makes so much more sense
 
 lol
 
 but you said Tucson Medical Center 
 
 lol
 
 I was wondering why you were going to the Tucson Convention Center 
 
 it is TMC
 
 I mean the other way
 
 tcc not TMC
 
 okay....duh next friday is the 30th and why is your psych stuff at..oh
 
 I have my followup for my psych stuff
 
 and yeah go to comicon when it comes into town or something
 
 we get paid next friday btw
 
 why?
 
 boooo I have to be at TMC tomorrow at 9am
 
 lol
 
 I would like to go to a Cosplay event after I get REPO finished. lolo
 
 I have no interest in your video games :P
 
 I have to build my Sentry now. since I willb e getting more monies
 
 okie dokie I guess
 
 but I shoudl be getting money a lot faster now. lol since my population will go up fasetr
 
 642
 
192
 
 I literally had to sell everything. 
 
 its the only weapon I have. lol
 
 thank you.. how many sticks do I have now? lol
 
 pushed da button
 
 okie dokie
 
 click buy
 
 yes
 
 ?????
 
 wait I got it. Click buy weapons?
 
 its being weird with that site because of the extras I have on it
 
 open a firefox browser
 
 everytime I type it in the tab dissapears
 
 instead of 5000
 
 I upgraded last night so I need as much money as I can get
 
 I had to sell ALL of my stuff so I could upgrade to making 10
 
000+ soldiers a day
 
 no because it wont let me open it
 
 and formula was 15
 
 oh.. can you go to my Kings of chaos account
 
 and log in to the armory
 
 and scroll down and click buy?
 
 20 cause I gave elise five for gas
 
 oh and canned yams and marshmallows
 
 how much money did you use this morning?
 
 Okay so on the list we have:\nwhipped cream x 2\ncrunchie things for casserole\npie\nstuffing mix\nmilk\nlaundry detergent\nrolls\nbrocoli\ncheese for broccoli\nshredded cheese\n1 can cranberry sauce\neggs\nbread (for left over turkey sandwhiches )\nand Duh relish is icky in the eggs only freaks do tht
 
 (ohh.. and no relish in the eggs) :p
 
 I should probably throw in the stuff we need for general on the list too
 
 what was the list you wrote down
 
 so I can try to look for some deals while I'm here
 
 okey dokey
 
 those are good havent had in a while
 
 and we have mayo and mustard and paprika so all we need is eggs for that
 
 devilled eggs?
 
 I think that should be plenty
 
 she had it in Kansas. hopefully she remembers. 
 
 its cheesey
 
 and has rice. lol
 
 she'll eat the broccoli casserole
 
 broccoli and cheese rice casserole
 
 we should probably do like corn or something for saundra since she wont eat mashed potatoes or green bean casserole
 
 rolls
 
 jello salad
 
 pumpkin pie
 
 mashed potatoes
 
 green bean casserole
 
 yams and marshmallows
 
 Turkey
 
 Okay well help
 
 so we dont forget anything
 
 so make a list of everything we are eating
 
 its tradition
 
 I like having linner on thanksgiving
 
 also that means I get to eat at 1
 
 Hey when it comes to me cooking a turkey
 
 all the sides
 
 picking up the house like usual and watching the kids all at once YEAH YOUR FUCKING IMPORTANT
 
 lol I'm that important? ;)
 
 thank fucking god
 
 and I dont work on Thanksgiving
 
 I doubt it will happen but hay a girl can dream
 
 so I'll use it for a couple years
 
 I intend on probably doing a Cosplay for it
 
 I hope you get out early if you are
 
 your working right?
 
 so yay elise isnt working on thanksgiving so Ill at least have her to help me
 
 fuck my damn hands
 
 dude youll be wearing that costume for halloween the next ten years
 
 and thats not the pants
 
 the utensils
 
 or the helmet
 
 ok.. closer to 600$
 
 because the trench coat is looking around 300$
 
  40 for the gloves
 
 20 for the apron
 
 and 150 for the boots
 
 from the look
 
 it'll probably be like a 3-400$ costume....
 
 Eh whatever makes ya happy
 
 on the front and back
 
 I like the second one because of the straps
 
 I dont know they all look the same to me
 
 I like the 2nd one
 
 for REPO?
 
 http://www.leatherfads.com/matrix-style-mens-leather-coat-1668.aspx
 
 http://www.leatherfads.com/mens-leather-coat-with-zippered-collar-and-three-front-back-belts-2254.aspx
 
 http://www.leatherfads.com/supple-mens-lambskin-leather-coats-1258.aspx
 
 (I'm still looking also..)
 
 which do you liek better?
 
 so I can figure out the total cost for all the parts. 
 
 Trying to figure out what pants he wore. lol
 
 the house is calling to me must clean
 
 sorry im rtying to catch up 
 
 thatll work
 
 apron over the leather trench for REPO
 
 http://www.wasserstrom.com/restaurant-supplies-equipment/Product_616535
 
 jk jk jk
 
 am not getting any handjobs anytime soon. lol
 
 :P haha just picking on you babe
 
 but I guess I 
 
 I have no clue where my phone is
 
 and Im tired
 
 and I just want to sleep and I cant and im tired
 
 mad skillz of doom for the fucking shit going on with my hands right now one damn typo :P
 
 m
 
inute  yup  skillzzzzzzzzzz'
 
 Im fucking hunting and pecking on the damn keyboard because my damn hands hurt to much to type right fortunately even when I hunt and peck i still type like fifty words a damn m
 
inute beacause i have skillzzzzz
 
 god damn mother fucking auto immune bull shit sons a bitches
 
 I fucking hurt
 
 yup
 
 the costume just looks bad in pieces
 
 http://www.envirosafetyproducts.com/neoprene-smooth-finish-glove-shoulder-length.html found the gloves for REPO
 
 remind me Im too old to hand pull weeds anymore
 
 My hands are so arthritic typing is a bitch and gripping my coffee is painful
 
 time to hard budget in like 30$ for Spysweeper
 
 also fuck I AM SORE TODAY
 
 and I just dont care enough to fix it again
 
 it still being bitchy
 
 no I did that earlier this morning
 
 the virus has started fucking wtih Flash player
 
 you would have to restart the computer. 
 
 but the games and youtube not so much
 
 which is retarded cause netflix works
 
 youtube no work
 
 not just an actress. 
 
 apparently she is a singer also. lol
 
 blind mag in a real song.
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SA_iyHEXVuk&amp;feature=related
 
 I did already I think
 
 and they havent responded so Im taking it as a no
 
 you could alwasy invite barb and the girls to thanksgiving. not sure if they have anything planned. they've been pretty broke
 
 Ok 
 
 kk make a written list
 
 I haven't been carrying my phone as much anymore
 
 but I need the stuffs fors it
 
 you still need to get the stuff for thanksgiving you never got it this weekend I figure since Ill be doing all the prepping and cooking that there is some stuff I can make ahead of time
 
 like jello
 
 got the stuff.
 
 Eithet thr money container or page 111 in the book
 
 I have no money and we are out of formula this will not be good
 
 ttyl &lt;3
 
  elise works
 
 19th i meed van back
 
 I should get there for the volunteering so that I can snag a box box
 
 well I'm off to finish some work
 
 and then head to BB.. and I dont have any boxes... ouch... lol
 
 poor babums
 
 she gots flu
 
 poor baby
 
 she getting sick?
 
 she just want snuggles and to puke on me
 
 meza sorry
 
 sophia crankers
 
 FOOOOOOOD
 
 FUCK
 
 OR PORK
 
 OR EGG
 
 I DONT WANT ANOTHER SAMMICH
 
 WHY ISNT THERE ENOUGH FOOD
 
 SO FUCKING HUNGRY
 
 I hunger
 
 love you too
 
 Love you
 
 need to find the food
 
 Im hungering
 
 Im sick
 
 I'm trying.
 
 Im also blechy blah bleh blug right now
 
 I dont know
 
 how do I get you interested in 'me' :P
 
 no thought processes to do with it
 
 so therefore
 
 no intrest in it right now
 
 ah I dont care
 
 I meant for you little fetish thingy
 
 im just gona mock you for ti
 
 you can wear what you want you know
 
 um...combat boots
 
 work boots
 
 shit that doesnt scream fagulous
 
 Other than those stilleto heel boots. :P
 
 what do you wanna see me in? 
 
 granted I have yet to see a gothed up guy who didnt make me think GAY including giles as the repo man
 
 they are kinda gay
 
 not really
 
 you know you wanna see me wear those first boots I showed you ;)
 
 if that didnt scare the crap outta me
 
 then I could ride a motorcylce
 
 mmmhmm
 
 theyd look good on me though
 
 with some skin tight black jeans
 
 a wife beater and a black leather jacket that went all good on me
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/REAPER-30-Black-Leather-Buckle-Boots-p/s-demonia-reaper-30-boots.htm lol
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/GRAVEL-22-6-Buckle-Combat-Boots-p/s-demonia-gravel-22-boots.htm mens.. but I think you'll like them
 
 I'm not fond though
 
 ribbon is icky
 
 nope
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/TEMPT-125-Lace-up-Knee-Boots-p/s-bordello-tempt-125-boots.htm
 
 I am not a stripper
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/CANDY-3000-Thigh-High-Platform-Boots-p/s-pleaser-candy-3000-boots.htm
 
 weirdly I want them in white
 
 oooooh
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/White-Black-Victorian-Button-Boots-p/s-la420-buttons-boots-wb.htm
 
 yesss I need ringmaster boots
 
 then yeeesss
 
 no ribbons icky
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/RINGMASTER-258-Velvet-Button-Boots-p/s-pleaser-ringmaster-258-boots.htm
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/GOTHIKA-215-Gothic-Lolita-Boots-p/s-demonia-gothika-215-boots.htm
 
 second ones...eh too hookery
 
 first ones yes
 
 lmao
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/ELECTRA-3050-Thigh-High-Platform-Boots-p/s-pleaser-electra-3050-boots.htm
 
 oooh stillettos
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/ZOMBIE-103-Psychobilly-Print-Mary-Jane-Sandals-p/s-demonia-zombie-106uv-shoes-w.htm
 
 but the spikey one is cool
 
 I dont like the second one from the mens
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/DELIGHT-2049-Knee-High-Buckle-Boots-p/s-pleaser-delight-2049-boots.htm
 
 here you go. lol
 
 Womans section..__
 
 and all of these are from the MENS section. lol
 
 I think you'll like these. lol
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/TECHNO-854UV-Cyber-Platform-Boots-p/s-demonia-techno-854uv-boots.htm
 
 --
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/WICKED-808-Gothic-Platform-Boots-p/s-demonia-wicked-808-boots.htm
 
 lol
 
 lol
 
 only 200.00
 
 thats just fucking awesome
 
 and they have a strobe light on them
 
 I need them
 
 bwahahahahahaha
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/TECHNO-856UV-Cyber-Strobe-Platform-Boots-p/s-demonia-techno-856uv-boots-g.htm you can have thse. lol
 
 lol maybe
 
 for the REPO man costume
 
 too faggy for you
 
 those are mine
 
 haha no
 
 I like
 
 lol
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/RIOT-20-Black-Leather-Combat-Boots-p/s-demonia-riot-20-boots.htm
 
 and until it stops hurting again well then its still fucked upish
 
 but since it was kinda fucked up looking pain meds can make it worse
 
 Once my stomach stops hurting again
 
 I can probably take them no problem
 
 thats because my stomach was inflammed
 
 then what about the whole no pain meds thing?
 
 which sucks
 
 and there is nothing that can be done about that except never eating wheat again
 
 or allergy
 
 I obviously have a wheat intolerance
 
 they are useless
 
 I dont have appt
 
 whens the docs again?
 
 I say grrrrrr
 
 I hate this
 
 im sick
 
 cranky
 
 and hungry and my food choices are severally limited. Its annoying
 
 I want cookies and cake and cupcakes and not to throw it up after. STUPID GLUTEN
 
 love you too
 
 Love you hun. lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 also I WANT FUCKING DESSERT PASTRIES THAT DONT TASTE LIKE ASS
 
 they get yelled at
 
 they know its wrong
 
 ddont care
 
 dont care when billy does it
 
 dont care when adam does it
 
 true. but theimpulse control isn't entirely his fault though
 
 there are fifteen thousand "bbroken" toys in that playroom he can fuck with
 
 he isnt stupid
 
 if he wants something to disassemble he can ask
 
 he knows the rules
 
 he has toys he can build with and break
 
 yes I can. he knows what he can touch and what he cant
 
 Also
 
 WHY CANT I EAT ANYTHING GOOD EVERYONE KEEPS POSTING THESE HAPPY DESERT RECIPES AND I CANT FUCKING EAT THEM. GOD DAMN OREO COOKIE TRUFFLE CUPCAKES WITH COOKIES AND CREAM FROSTING AND UNLESS I SPEND DAMN SIXTEEN HOURS AT THE STORE I WONT BE ABLE TO EAT IT AND IT WILL TASTE LIKE SHIT
 
 and we can't really blame him
 
 or he will do it to everything int heh ouse
 
 I need to find something he can do that too
 
 yeah I just yelled at him and told him daddy was going to be pissed when he got home and "dont touch it if it isnt fucking yours" cause I walked into the living room this morning after you left and he was literally sitting on the floor under the chair fucking with it
 
 grarhg
 
 yeah. it rocks back and forth now so if your sitting still your fine but when you first go to sit down you feel like your gonna flip the chair
 
 :P
 
 grr
 
 the com8puter chair
 
 what chair?
 
 he didnt really get in trouble for it cause I figured you were gonna flip balls on him anyways
 
 I cant figure out what the fuck he did
 
 it still works
 
 but now it wobbles forward and backward
 
 btw adam broke the chair this morning
 
 ass face
 
 jk jk
 
 lol I'll get you twoooo cartons if I get laid tonight. LMAO ;)
 
 uh....wow...no...cause gf. dumb whore. sleeps in you bed sleeps downstairs. puts money toward house puts no money toward house ....fair my ass
 
 at least then it would be fair. LMFAO
 
 yeah.....
 
 I can just piss off both and get none. :P
 
 lol
 
 i aint crystalizing my lungs with menthol but shell butch too so just decide which of us you wantto piss off
 
 so which type
 
 you two might be splitting a carton though for now
 
 that sounds like a plan
 
 saves two bucks a pack plus on base as at fries they are 6.72 each
 
 ok
 
 well I'll get some before I come home
 
 (if I have enough time before BB)
 
 she just passed out on me. damn i hater being broke. i have like four smokes left elise is out so shes been smokering mine and i have 2 dollars and change
 
 poor baby
 
 she doesnt have a fever i think shes dizzy owie yucky
 
 bed
 
 sound like baby meds
 
 and be
 
 she no feel well
 
 sophia is being a little bitch she isnt happy if mommy isnt rocking her
 
 love you too
 
 love you 
 
 it was pissing me off
 
 thank you
 
 how the fuck do you spell that word?
 
 no antsy
 
 antsi
 
 and it makes me ansi
 
 is bad
 
 because you and money
 
 like ever
 
 all we have todo is catch up
 
 you shouldnt talk to me about money
 
 you make me insane with money
 
 or anything that we are paying now 
 
 or the morgage 
 
 we cant afford the tine
 
 we cant afford 100 a month
 
 but if I can get one wehre the monthly payment is close to like 100$ a month it wouldn't be that bad. I'd just have to stop drinking as much. lol
 
 and trust me
 
 I know we are broke. 
 
 and I meant about getting a car with a waranty
 
 after like taxes when the tint is paid off. 
 
 &lt;3
 
 when your being a whore
 
 you tend to forget that one
 
 just so you remember
 
 also...we HAVE NO MONEY
 
 that is all
 
 always talking to girls
 
 only girls
 
 always looking for more girls. whore
 
 ? how am I a whore?
 
 that is all
 
 also you are a whore
 
 adding in a car pay;met is stupid
 
 or the credit cards regularly
 
 or the house
 
 you cant make payments on the tint
 
 Thats insane. just so you know
 
 that way the payments would only be like 150$ a month
 
 text me. .. I'm contemplating buying a certified used car and trading in the cadi. lol
 
 luckily
 
 I have my atm card sinc eyou never took it back
 
 One problem I still have ypur ard oops
 
 Kk
 
 so we have enough moneyf or food
 
 so Imight just pull all the remaining money out
 
 other than those
 
 I dont think we have any bills... 
 
 boooo]
 
 and the wells fargo 300 scheduled...
 
 and we havethe tint scheduled.
 
 Yay...
 
 so we only have 354$ available
 
 Wells Fargo tried to take the 837 out again
 
 on the 13th. 
 
 Idk not now
 
 Available Balance : \n$354.27  GRR!
 
 and the rest  are behind the filebox
 
 ones next to the computer
 
 if you get bored will you check the redplums?
 
 Charmin and kids advil
 
 so its a money maker. lol
 
 if we order 10$ of stuff from VS before Sunday we get two VS secret gift cards. 
 
 and I think we have the Redplum ads they are talking about
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/11/16/moneymaker-starbucks-charmin-and-more-at-cvs-starting-1118/ do we need any of this stuff? its all money makers. 
 
 we need to print out the coupons though
 
 yay 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/11/16/moneymaker-on-ecotools-at-walmart/  loafas  for free at walmart
 
 this has been a loooong fucking day
 
 same
 
 not really
 
 I'm sorry hun. do we have any stuff you can take for fever?
 
 and Im pretty sure I have a fever
 
 that was in their too
 
 and yourstupid
 
 im pretty sure my friendship just went out the window because Im in a bitch tastic fucking mood and told her in slightly nicer turns that rocky could grow the fuck up an dblah blahed her relationship and then told her that I just wanted to PLAY A GOD DAMN GAME ON THE FB AND GOT DRAMA
 
 I just dont
 
 i dont care
 
 so how did she think she was welcome in the house after that?
 
 --------------
 
   Pantry Essentials\nWhole
 
 2%
 
 1% or Fat Free Milk\nGallon\nExpires 11/20/2012  \n$1.67\n\n   \nSafeway SELECT\nPasta Sauce\n15-24oz\nExpires 11/20/2012   \n$1.55\n\nSafeway SELECT\nPizza\n14.2-32.7oz\nExpires 11/20/2012  \n$3.70
 
 yay exs
 
 and he flies out tomorrow
 
 he had some personal stuff pop up he had to deal with
 
 okie dokie whyd they cancel the dinner?
 
 then the Concert band
 
 and I have to grab something extremely fast when I get off work since I'm driving to trumpet lessons
 
 my head hurts
 
 I'm dizzy
 
 
 
 and the cancelled the going away dinner
 
 and I haven't fucking had lunch
 
 
 
 so how did she think she was welcome in the house after that?
 
 if it makes you feel anybetter I went off on her for being stupid enought o think she was welcome in the house
 
 for suddenly being insulted by shit she used to think was funny and for being a fucking childish prude
 
 and I knew. 
 
 and that can only come from one person
 
 shes actually been talking to you more than me lately 
 
 somehow 
 
 I am now the devil
 
 I didn't know she's all bitch prude
 
 because she doesnt talk to me
 
 because everything pisses her off
 
 just making a crude joke
 
  Iknow but you know shes all bitch prude right now and it would piss her off
 
 etc..
 
 or tell her to come get on me
 
 wasn't trying to get back with her
 
 and that is what that ecard reminded me of. 
 
 I only made a funny comment
 
 because that one night we did wake people up
 
 &lt;3
 
 the whole world
 
 fucking annoying
 
 and thats annoying
 
 and kateys suddenly a fucking prude
 
 and its annoying
 
 Im just fucking tired
 
 and you push shit and then people over react and then I always have to deal with the blow out because you cant tell when your pushing too hard. 
 
 so thats a damn lie
 
 You went off on me two days ago
 
 s
 
 no. I tend to go off when you dont take 10 days to smoke 10 pack
 
 you were going to. everytime I say I need smokes you go the fuck off on me
 
 I didn't say anything
 
 also Im out of mother fucking smokes and these lasted two fucking days cause I was fucking sick so dont fucking start
 
 I give a flying fuck if I fuck her again
 
 All I was stating is that until she calms the fuck down
 
 she is not welcome in my house
 
 because I already have an issue with my irritability
 
 and having her over when I alreayd have a short fuse will more than likely not be a good mix
 
 Im just annoyed you and her are pissing me off
 
 everyone is pissing me off. We are to old for this highschool style god damn bullshit drama and until everyone can act like a fucking grown up then they can not talk to me and you dont have a god damn say in who comes over I told her not to because I odnt want to deal with it but if you want to be an asshole when even when you were being funny you were pushing sex on her because you want her back because she fucking stungyou when she bailed whether you want to admit it or not Ill invite her the fuck over just to piss you off. Im logging off now you guys are making me mad
 
 until she chills the fuck out she's not coming over
 
 Whatever your both being stupid
 
 and whatever I just told her that its only a bitch because now it will be difficut to hang out with her because our relationships fucked enough without bringing people who "hate you" into the house
 
 she would have said that I am a over pretentious asshole that should curl up in a corner and die. (or something along those lines)
 
 she's not that retarded. 
 
 that is a rocky comeback
 
 whether he actually said it
 
 or if shes just that brainwashed again
 
 true
 
 she just told me and I told her they were both being childish okay good bountiful baskets
 
 (oh.. and I fixed the BB thing.. we didn't get the email so I pulled the history off of the website so I had the  authorization number)
 
 she has never called me 'a dimwitted asshole' at any point and time
 
 no matter how pissed off she is/was. she knows damn well I'm not dimwitted and that is a weak comeback for her
 
 ok looked at your messages
 
 one shes overreacting and being childish and stupid hell my ex husband still makes sexual remarks and whether she likes it or not she did fuck you and any friendship you have will probably have that brought into it
 
 just like my friendships with men bring in why I did or did not fuck them. two has absoloutly nothing to do with rocky so far as I can tell
 
 okie dokie um why are you mad at her and wtf did the two of you do
 
 yeah it came out of my acount
 
 gooo Rocky
 
 wow.. lol katey blocked me
 
 she is officially a puppet 
 
 oh.. btw... fuck Katey.. just FYI 
 
 you said the money came out of your account for BB?
 
 lmao
 
 my name is sophia and i am a spoiled rotten little butt who wants to sit on her mommys lap but refuses to give snuggles
 
 lol nope not the boat. haha
 
 They were gonna take ot now till I said you were at work on base.you being military has bonuses they thought the boat was yours too lol
 
 I'll be by in a minute
 
 kk
 
 Nopeu hung them in the kitchen
 
 maybe the bookshelft then
 
 I dont see them
 
 I think so 
 
 the keys are on the computer desk aren't they?
 
 Ok
 
 I'll have it towed to the house. 
 
 screw it. I'll do it now. 
 
 ok. guess I have to call a tow truck tonight.
 
 You might be Ble to call the statipn and work with them or something
 
 The cops showed if.the cars there tomorrow then youll get caddi towed and impounded or something
 
 Are you cold babe?
 
 Playing fb games. I found a gambling game that I'm winning at. lol I feel imprtant. 
 
 Come to bed fuck ass
 
 wish you were here
 
 think im death
 
 yaeh with 25 other students plus renes class'
 
 his teacher is going. so there shouldn't be any issues
 
 I wish you werent working tomorrow. One someone should so go on that feild trip with adam and I cant cause Im icky and two after well I would say then id have help but the trip is from 9-1 so it would be kinda useless
 
 lol
 
 yeah hey last time around yours was the sick one
 
 cause that would be bad
 
 lol my kids. HAHA
 
 also I am soooo not eating today 
 
 the only children completely not in the slightest big sick are adam saundra and sopha doph
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 poor babies
 
 its pretty sad
 
 I feel like yucky death and so do the children
 
 okay good
 
 cause rene is sick and everyone else is cranky borderline sick. Im hoping their immune systems are capable of fighting it off
 
 so no one needs to pick him up
 
 oh.. I have to pick adam up today
 
 he has a doctor appointment
 
 yay
 
 wooooo long day 
 
 and a long one tomorro w also
 
 Leavin now. 
 
 HORNY!  fix me please :D ;)
 
 and I can just take my trumpet with the strap to have on my back
 
 unless you want me to pick you up.  and you drop me and the bike off at the place. and me ride back
 
 I'll probabaly leave in like 10 minutes. but I wont be home that long. as I have tutoring tonight
 
 are you headed home soon or do you know
 
 Also Im down to my fucking refries for smokes and before you stop bitching most of them have been smoked in the past two hours so that I dont go off on your houseguest and physically show her exactly how angry I am
 
 The thing that pisses me off is if I wouldnt have asked she wouldnt have seen a need to tell me. SO theoretically she has driven my children
 
 watched my children and god knows what else while on an "itty bitty little hit" she "couldnt even feel"
 
 lol
 
 well apparently telling her that I was that pissed is a way to get her to clean the closet
 
 do laundry
 
 change saundras sheets and clean out her car. However it makes her completely useless at taking care of her own fucking child
 
 Bitxh needs to gwt out my house
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 Im still fucking seething
 
 lol
 
 I cant tell.if shes mad or scared but.she.had better be fucking scared
 
 love you. :D
 
 CUNT MOUTH STUPID BITCH WANTS TO TAKE CARE OF HER FUCKIGN KIDS ON DRUGS FINE
 
 SURE AS FUCK NOT MINE
 
 YOU DONT NEED TO TAKE A FUCKING HIT
 
 A DRINK
 
 ANYTHING IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAMN DAY WHEN YOU HAVE KIDS TO TAKE CARE OF BECAUSE OF YOUR GODDAMN MAKEUP
 
 Kris is picking them up
 
 I dont think he really gets why. When I told her that she got confused
 
 when I told ehr I was as mad at her as I was at you for fucking smacking my ass she ran outside to hide
 
 its still gonna piss me off
 
 I did
 
 she argued that it was just one hit and she didnt even feel it. I dont care
 
 thats like saying it was just one fucking beer at two o'clock in the afternoon watch me pick up your kids
 
 then go off on her about that .
 
 I DONT CARE IF IT IS IN THE FUCKING GARAGE I DONT WANT HER FUCKING SMOKING WHEN SHE IS SUPPOSED TO BE DRIVING OR TAKING CARE OF MY CHILDREN THERE IS A FUCKING DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE TWO OF THOSE AND ITS A BIG FUCKING DIFFERENCE I WANT HER OUT OUT OUT OF MY FUCKING HOUSE
 
 well I said my piece when you allowed it in the garage
 
 but you bitched me out
 
 that its all good.
 
 goddamn mother fucking ass bitch. OVER FUCKING MAKEUP!EYESHADOW AND GODDAMN BLUSH ARE YOU MOTHER FUCKING KIDDING ME?
 
 And she doesnt see a fucking problem with it and mom doesnt have the fucking car and kris is working and even if I took the car Id have to leave the fucking kids here with her stoned ass so Im fucked
 
 grr... this is why I went off when she had it on the property
 
 She just went and took a fucking hit amd shes picking up my fuvkimg kids in twenty fuckingminutes and she said it was just a bitty hit didnt evem feel it I.need my fucking van bacc this bitch is no lomgerixking up or droppinf off my children
 
 first kid. lol all I got.. and she flips shit on the kids
 
 but flips shit on my when I do the same thing to Riley
 
 seriously
 
 dude this woman is the queen of over reactions I swear to god she almost cried. its been fourty minutes and she "has to go on a walk" its fucking makeup
 
 ok
 
 no Bountiful baskets next week cuz Thanksgiving
 
 jeeze
 
 Billy got into elise's expensive makeup. So hes cleaning the house to make up for it
 
 Also you have got to not put foil next to the.computer soph wants bad
 
 6am-2:30pm
 
 liar
 
 Actually no bread
 
 and not to much $$
 
 probably cause im sure $$$ and bread
 
 I can take a picture of my plate but you'll get mad at what I'm eating  :p
 
 or that someone is on your account twenty minutes ago playing farkle
 
 fb says your lying
 
 Nope
 
 no farkle
 
 its in that stupid ticker thing
 
 20 min ago
 
 it just said phillip played farkle...
 
 I'm not paying farkle
 
 im eating
 
 and how in fuck are you playing farkle at work?
 
 thats what I think. Why are you on your mobile?
 
 Dicks
 
 fuckers
 
 and they are retarded
 
 so they may or may not have all the information needed to process my case they arent sure because the system is down
 
 that would be nice. im still fn on hold ith des i caqlled the automated number and it was like no desicion has been made and transfered me to the people who still havent answered
 
 so.. think we can get to like 1$ off from Safeway? lol
 
 oh.. I forgot last night..
 
 the trip is on the fifteenth
 
 you need to sign that
 
 did you see adams permission slip
 
 I have to look up the number for the other thing
 
 yeah I dont have it yeat
 
 have you checked on FS today?
 
 because only Fry's does up to 2$
 
 up to $1
 
 so if we buy like the rest of the stuff from Safeway for whatever we buy on the 15th
 
 and I buy a gift card before we go shopping
 
 every 100$ is 40cents off per gallon
 
 
 
 ok
 
 = 4 Gas reward points
 
 idk
 
 Buy GIFT CARDS
 
 \nUse LIKE CASH\n\nEvery $1 spent on qualifying \ngift cards*\n 
 
 Safeway..
 
 Hope you feel better soon &lt;3
 
 \nso after everything we have be though you just decide when you get o do stupid shit... well whatever
 
 to be used only for the lunch thingy
 
 Got the stuff fors the house and pulled a twenty for you
 
 so I need to buy toilet paper
 
 formula
 
 diapers
 
 wipes
 
 twenty dollars for your thing with sgt littleton and then get gas
 
 I got 152.00 bank of america lost a law suit and I got fifty bucks so my account was positive four dollars when the cs came in
 
 ? huh?
 
 152 dollars tp formula diapes wipes and twenty for your thing for littlton plus gas
 
 no we used that tp
 
 theres that. 
 
 -----
 
 Mom To Mom Jumbo Supreme Diapers Selected Varieties\n27-42 CT $6.99 
 
  Any Bath Tissue Purchase\nLimit 1 Per Day \nSpecial Offer\n\n10% OFF
 
 --
 
  Pantry Essentials Whole
 
 2%
 
 1% or Fat Free Milk\nGallon \nPersonalized Price\n\n$1.67\n
 
 and diapers and wipes I think are cheaper at safeway
 
 wehave a 4 pack of toilet paper in the closet you haven't noticed. lol
 
 well safeway is like 2 or 3 dollars cheaper on formula
 
 and gas
 
 wipes
 
 diapers
 
 toilet paper
 
 i gotta get formula
 

 
 I get money tomorrow
 
 safeway
 
   \n\nmom to mom\n\nMilk Formula\n23.2-25.7oz\nExpires 11/13/2012   \n\n$11.50\n\n 
 
 Too bad we have no money
 
 lol thank you
 
 obviously just the top line there
 
 512-04-0437\nX\nX\nX\n2\n2\n4\nADAM JOHNSON\nSAUNDRA JOHNSON\n512-27-5428\n082-02-5394\nSON\nDAUGHTER\nXX\n21
 
754.\n21
 
754.\n21
 
754.\nP\nRINT\nL\nA\nE\nL R\nC\nY\nunder age 17\nif child\nqualif ying f or\nch ild tax cr.\n(see pg 16)\n(4)\nentered above\non 6c who:\nDependents\nyou\n(see instr)\nBoxes\nAdd numbers\nplease use\n(99)\nNo. of ch ildren\nabove\nIf th e qualif ying person is a ch ild but not your dependent 
 
 enter th is\nlived with\non 6c not\non lines\nSee separate\nch ecked on\n6a and 6b\nch ild's name h ere.\nIRS Use Only - Do not write or staple in th is space.\ninst ruct ions.\nto divorce or\nwith you due\nget a W- 2
 
 see\nseparation\npage 20.\nnot at tach 
 
 any\npayment . Also
 
\nEnclose
 
 but do\ndid not live\nMarried f iling separately. Enter spouse's SSN above &amp; f ull name below.\nIf you did not\nOMB No. 1545-0074\nand on line 6c are correct.\nTaxable amount\nsee instructions.\nIf more\ndependents
 
\nSingle\nMarried filing jointly (even if only one had income)\n(see instructions).\nIRA deduction (see instructions).\n(see instructions).\nCheck here if you
 
 or your spouse if filing jointly
 
want $3 to go to this fund\nSubtract line 20 fromline 15. This is your adjusted gross income.\nTaxable amount\nchange your tax or refund.\n9a\nChecking a box below will not\n20\nMake sure the SSN
 
 any luch finding it on the computer?
 
 or.. if you look in the MISC folder there should be a Taxes folder and you can get it off of one of the tax returns
 
 I need her SSN if you can find it
 
 its a photo copy of her DL I think
 
 on the desktop should be something that says marissa
 
 hey
 
 hey
 
 busy talk later
 
 my stuff..
 
 no. 
 
 your adding her to forms?
 
 forms..
 
 9137047889 y?
 
 cell
 
 what is Elises number?
 
 that would be awesome
 
 maybe even just like 36 hours straight.
 
 One of these days
 
 Im going to sleep until noon
 
 there is one on the right side that even though I was turning it on
 
 is sticking half way. So that levery thing should be replaced eventually
 
 nevermind I fixed it
 
 is there another fuse box?
 
 The power is out to the bedroom and both bathrooms and I checked and flipped the breakers.
 
 do we have a secondary breaker box?
 
 :P
 
 see Nikki is always rigt lol
 
 I told you not to drink on that stuff. 
 
 http://ehealthforum.com/health/wellbutrin-and-alcohol-related-black-outs-t210779.html
 
 definitely not the right medication for you
 
 probably good
 
 cause the wellbutrin is when everything started going wonky
 
 The doctor told me to stop the wellbutrin
 
 Obvious I know
 
 but my tummy sucks
 
 your getting worse not better
 
 its not good for you
 
 you really need to stop drinking on those medications
 
 yeah like I said
 
 your current issues
 
 plus meds plus alchohol is bad
 
 at all
 
 I dont remmeber any of that
 
 look at Barbs Obama post..
 
 you headed home?
 
 okie dokie
 
 I think I'm going to come home for lunch
 
 that would be nice to have everything paid up
 
 which would be awesome
 
 but we should double check again on the friday so we knows for good and shit
 
 I think they are all paid.
 
 wjat bills do we have left? cause Im gonna have to figure ou how to pay them with my cs. There shouldnt be too many thought right
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 kk
 
 tahts why its so high
 
 did the morgage go through at least
 
 I am death
 
 an and you wer like noooooo
 
 I told you to stop FUCKING SPENDING MONEY
 
 umm ouch
 
 Balance : \n-$1
 
118.96
 
 nope. I'm right next to you
 
 Are you still at work?
 
 lol
 
 get to work on that
 
 pretty please
 
 I want a million billion dollars and a new stomach
 
 kk formula
 
 Also this is sad i can well at kids text play vetsis while puking
 
 Bring home formula
 
 jik
 
 adams is 610053702
 
 filling out my survey for my security reinvestigation
 
 wtf with all the damn questions today
 
 480816431
 
 should be on the bookshelf I think
 
 can you tell me what Saundra's Passport number is?
 
 grrr fixed computer
 
 the resolution was all fucked to hell. but king.com still no worky. upsets me want to play games
 
 which isnt horrible
 
 so 1.70$ gallons
 
 and 88 cent half gallons
 
 ahh..
 
 potroasts
 
 what
 
 rounds?
 
 Frys is having bogo bottom rounds and their potatos and half gallons are on sale
 
 itll save out ass.
 
 yup yup
 
 we need to get bountiful baskets next week.
 
 yup yup
 
 yeah some freezer ziplocs or something
 
 and hamburger for the hamburger helper
 
 we need to get something to seperate that brisket with
 
 yeah the kids are alreday sick of pasta
 
 its been pasta at least once a day all week
 
 well if it gets bad.. we hve enough pasta for almost a month of two meals a day pasta
 
 last month I did it pretty much on three fifty excepting extras milk and butter etc
 
 I just have to do uber budget and get us through the month on less than four hundre
 
 and hopefully food stamps next month
 
 money from my next cs
 
 then a hundred from the fifteenth
 
 i might if itsd approved which means I need to make like a hundred dollar grocery list to get us through till then because if we dont get it I should have like 90.00 from cs left over that friday and that should get us another week at least
 
 so would you get money on the 11th?
 
 granted once we start using the heater the damn thing will start going being weird
 
 I keep turning it off during the day because its only like seventy eight in the house anyways
 
 near as much
 
 so I havent been using the ac
 
 its been colder
 
 so remind me on the eleventh and hope that it goes through
 
 I dont get it
 
 lol I dont know what the fuck we did... but its 200$ lower.. 
 
 talked directly to des they are processing and it has to be processed and decided upon by the eleventh
 
 OMFG YEAH
 
 TEP----Current Balance$260.45 due on 11/13/2012 \n
 
 what?
 
 heuy hun guess what
 
 6540 e 38th st tucson az 85730
 
 5202709386
 
 and your mums address
 
 whats your cell number again?
 
 nov 14 @ 1420
 
 ugh i dont want her on my fb
 
 Its the whole computer
 
 even the icons ar big
 
 when is adams appointment again&gt;? (its on the white sheet of paper onthe couch)
 
 and..
 
 if its all big on the internet try holding down the CTRL key and scrolling down using the scroll on the mouse
 
 marissa's grandma
 
 and who the fuck is michelle foley
 
 also king.com isnt working
 
 the computer just flipped balls
 
 everything is huge as hell
 
 I just want the damn food money you fucking asshole bastard cheating pieces of shit
 
 fourth phone number
 
 they are passing me around
 
 its fucking annoying
 
 your grandomther talked to me. I hate it when she does that
 
 and I dont see it on the website so it must be out now
 
 its kids under three and only on certain days and blah blah blah blah only with the purchase of an adult meal and blah
 
 doesnt Denny's have the kids under whatever eat free?
 
 I think  the kids are almost free
 
 thats just not worth it at all babe
 
 haha no cause only your meal is free and we has no money and its gonna be crowded and only like 6.00 cheaper than normal
 
 and you
 
 I wanna take the kids also
 
 you have fun\\
 
 well still wanna do the Denny's
 
 hmm...  
 
 It would be nice
 
 but I dont have the patience to wait in line for two hours to eat. Last year danny went with cameron it was an hour and half to get into golden corral
 
 but def the all you can eat pancakes for the kids. 
 
 maybe applebees
 
 and Olive garden would be yummy
 
 they are every year. Danny always tried to get his free meal in
 
 hooters will be full
 
 same TGIF
 
 same with like golden corral
 
 and probably wont be packed
 
 but like the Dennys all you can eat pancakes would be good to take all the kids to
 
 Nov 22nd is Thanksgiving
 
 The free part only covers your meal and do you have any idea how booked those places are going to be in a town that is full of afb
 
 I still say :P
 
 Na just all rule abiding and shit
 
 kk
 
 bitch..  lol
 
 cause elise had to pick up rene yesterday and she isnt on the pick up list
 
 why did Rene's teacher start bitching?
 
 about Veterans day
 
 ohh... check your yahoo email. I sent you an email
 
 yeah i saw. Everyone  is just chilling on the couch right now
 
 im trying to accomplish completely lazy day so they will have just enough energy to trick or treat a little bit tonight
 
 renes teacher started bitching
 
 you see the adam appointment message
 
 weve got to add elise to the pick up lists too
 
 they just dont fucking call you... assholes
 
 ok I put you on the main contact list
 
 finally got a hold of the school. Apparently they have been trying to get ahold of you all week. You should really let them know to call me
 
 Its very pretty. Our kids would kill it. I have a gyno appt next thursday because for some reason even though I have stomach issues my doctor wants to make sure my anemia isnt being caused by my uterus. I really need to find a new doctor. There is obvious proof Im not absorbing vitamins as Im currently on Iron
 
 prenatals and now 5
 
000 ius of vitamin d but instead of checking my intestines were gonna look at my uterus.
 
 https://shop.aafes.com/shop/Product.aspx?dept_id=11204&amp;PFID=I982N&amp;gid=&amp;AskReturn=search
 
 Loove this
 
 I'll come pick him up after my dental appointment
 
 I got adam an appointment for today at 225pm 
 
 
 
 I have no fucking clue
 
 I dont even recognize the button
 
 I have no clue what she got it off of
 
 where did she get a button and a bead from?
 
 no wonder she was fussy this morning. that button was like nickel sized
 
 Sophia just pooed out a button and a bead
 
 sophia no feel good either
 
 saundra just went to bed she is sick
 
 billy and adam have to have the playroom clean before you get home cause imma kill them for getting into shit today
 
 Haha
 
 sophia just ate half my lunch. I blended some meat and veggies to make "soup" for me
 
 she ate most of it lol
 
 cause if he says its okay hell give me shit I have to put in it so I know Im getting all the shit I need
 
 so we shall see
 
 called the doctor and left a message
 
 asking if I can go on a liquid diet for the majority of the time to see if he thinks its okay
 
 so I figure calories good and shit
 
 well it doesnt bug my tummy as much
 
 lol
 
 ee if it works better
 
 I think Im going to go liquid morning and night and then not eat real food till dinner when I can drink
 
 I still want tomato and onion but I dont think I could stomach a tomato and onion smoothie and my tummy is much better on the liquid diet
 
 decided to get my breakfast drink instead mmmm seaweed
 
 love you too
 
 love you
 
 yea right
 
 I gtg
 
 need more coffee and to vomit
 
 or to vomit then more coffee not sure which
 
 they both will :P
 
 :P
 
 that would involve you gettnig divorced and me agreeing to marryyou
 
 I dont see either of those happening
 
 I dont want to watch little girl beat box
 
 "inset last name here" = Johnson :D lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObUREzucuW8
 
 no
 
 is Xandrea
 
 Nikkole Xandrea "insert last name here"
 
 I spelling it like I say it :P
 
 if your gonna use my middle name do it right
 
 xandrea
 
 morning zandrea :P
 
 good morning flup
 
 gooood morning
 
 what time you headed home?
 
 I told him Ive been passing out
 
 I didnt mention the nerve stuff cause there isnt really anything they can do for it. YOu just have to wait it out and hope you heal. And this was the nerves in my leg
 
 my left leg just went 'fuck you. Im going to stop working now'
 
 Did you tell the doctor you've been doing that?
 
 So my leg gave out and I fell down the stairs. Bashed my arm on the railing and bruised the hell outta my ass
 
 Adam came home with a birthday party invite for saturday november tenth from twelve to four at lakeside park for cole larry and you have to rsvp
 
 imma die and theyll do an autopsy and be all "OOOOOooh"
 
 stupid doctors
 
 I also have B12 supplements
 
 I have Iron supplements Ive been taking them when I remember to
 
 hmm soo...... that means super iron supplements. lol
 
 and the kids just got into the chocolate. I had moved it ontop of the tv
 
 they waited till I was busy cleaning swipped it and ran so no candy for Saundra or Billy for a week
 
 also im not just anemic IM FUCK ANEMIC. I went through my test results from the ER and googled shit. Im like "blood loss
 
 severe infection
 
 possible disease
 
 death of bone marrow" anemic
 
 _\n\n\n\n\n_ \n\n^that much of the bottle gone
 
 nope
 
 he got up to use the bathroom
 
 was gone two minutes
 
 I went up to check and he was in renes room all but 
 
 You have got to ne fuckinh kidding me
 
 Also billy used most of the hair gel on renes carpet.
 
 Thinking i might switch to a liquid diet. Madea smoothie from hell with seaweed and everything in it. It grossed me out but i drank it and my stomach doesnt hurt near as much as it does when i ebt. Granted it was so gross i want to puke. But i can bed more fruit to fix that 
 
 Powerade is on sale for 69cents each. lol
 
 http://frysfood.mywebgrocer.com/Circular/FRYS-034/000341948/Weekly/1/1
 
 buy a chicken get a chicken free. lol
 
 Like I fn told you
 
 Nikki215003
 
 Thank you hun. MWAH
 
 can you tell me when you get the email please.?
 
 just emailed you the password
 
 nope
 
 
 
 Nikki215003
 
 and 
 
 nixabee@aol.com maybe
 
 and its nixabee@yahoo.com right?
 
 is it lowercase?
 
 didn't work
 
 ty babe :)
 
 Nikki215003
 
 hey
 
 whats your fry's password?
 
 kk shes headed out
 
 getting ready to leave now. so tell elise to leave and meet me at the visitor center.
 
 ?
 
 Elise today bwahahaha
 
 and by the time I walk from work
 
 to the visitor center you are normally there. lol
 
 I know. lol  I'll message you before I leave. 
 
 Well thats useless
 
 idk. lol
 
 What time you getting out?
 
 love you... :D
 
 the four and the seven are tiny next to the barcode
 
 40023217827
 
 400023217827
 
 you there hun?
 
 nope not yet
 
 I'm giong to today. since I was in the ER
 
 calling him didn't cross my mind. lol
 
 im assuming you appologized for missing the appt last week
 
 yeah well you can drive your own damn self to that
 
 I have the tutoring tonight also
 
 I might pick them up come back and then go get you depending on how out of it she is
 
 Idk 
 
 I dont know
 
 probably have her pick them up 
 
 so which are you gonna do?
 
 haha... 
 
 yeah cause Im awesome liek that
 
 I beat your score on hoop de loop
 
 snoooorrree ville
 
 put in a movie snuggled in "her spot" on the couch and bam
 
 she passed out again
 
 yeah I gotta wake her up in a minute
 
 grrr
 
 yeppers
 
 Wish-Bone Salad Dressing\n16oz \nPersonalized Price\n\n$1.94\nWalmart\n$1.98\n\nHHAHHAHAHAH (safeway Wishbone dressing)
 
 best bet would be have elise get them
 
 or get them and chill at your mums. for like an hour or two
 
 yup
 
 only asking cause you know its almost that time
 
 fuck a duck and shit
 
 clue
 
 not a coue
 
 do you know what timish you will be getting off work
 
 love you too
 
 Ok. Mwah love you.
 
 &lt;3
 
 just so you know
 
 I hav3e anything you get your ass beat down
 
 got done
 
 he said I was good to come in then took the blood test for the gi
 
 as well as a full sti panel
 
 anemia
 
 vitamins
 
 immunities
 
 etc. I had to pee in a cup and he took like seven vials of blood
 
 You still at the doctor?
 
 mwah
 
 tell them EVERYTHING!
 
 LOVE YOU
 
 have fun
 
 IGTG off to the docs. TTYL &lt;3
 
 I want to make sure before we turn the furnace on for winter and I suck at plumbign
 
 I guess elise might be able to take the kids to the damn thing
 
 and I've been checking the pipe
 
 it hasn't been leaking that I could see
 
 I'll check again when I get home
 
 I need the van tomorrow
 
 I have to drive across base for an appointment.. so we have to figure that out. lol
 
 if Imma keep having to take you to work you gotta be up and ready to go by seven ten. This whole rushing shit no worky
 
 Your making me nuts ive tried calling you fbing you texting you and you arent responding. Are you okay?
 
 Hey how you doing did they say anything yet do you have a room yet?
 
 leaving now. 
 
 Dont forget to get adam
 
 no.. no sophia. HAHA
 
 Sophia really wants your painting
 
 Yes 
 
 ok..
 
 23rd
 
 whens the doctor again?
 
 Okay in dying i am i am 
 
 using the deals taht are going now
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/the-bragging-lounge/my-first-brag-78/ look at this.   its from a Frys. 
 
 Whatever
 
 ----------------
 
 Crest Toothpaste
 
 4.2-4.6 oz or Oral-B Cavity Defense Toothbrush $1.00 \nUse $0.50/1 Crest Toothpaste
 
 4 oz or larger or Liquid Gel
 
 Limit of 4 like coupons per shopping trip from PG 9/30 (exp 10/31)\nOr $0.50/1 Oral-B Pulsar
 
 3D White
 
 Pro-Health or Complete or $0.50/2 Indicator or Cavity Defense Toothbrushes
 
 Limit of 4 like coupons per shopping trip from PG 9/30 (exp 10/31)\nFinal Price: $0.50
 
 or Free with double
 
 ---------------------------
 
 Tostino\u2019s Party Pizza
 
 9.8-10.9 oz $1.25 each
 
 when you buy 4\nBuy 5
 
 Receive $5.00 Catalina\nUse $1.00/4 \u2013 Totino\u2019s Crisp Crust Party Pizza \u2013 (bricks.coupons.com)\nOr $1.00/5 \u2013 Totino\u2019s Crisp and Crust Party Pizza \u2013 (coupons.com)\nFinal Price: Free
 
 when you buy 4
 
 -------------------
 
 Betty Crocker SuperMoist Cake Mix
 
 15.2-16.2 oz $1.25 each
 
 when you buy 4Buy 5
 
 Receive $5.00 Catalina\nFinal Price: $0.25\n
 
 -------------------
 
 we need to try and get a lot of these printed.
 
 http://www.bettycrocker.com/products/hamburger-helper
 
 _____________
 
 Old El Paso Taco Shells
 
 8-12 ct or Refried Beans
 
 16 oz $1.25 each
 
 when you buy 4\nBuy 5
 
 Receive $5.00 Catalina\nUse $0.60/3 \u2013 Old El Paso Product
 
 Excludes Refrigerated
 
 Frozen or Soups \u2013 (bettycrocker.com)\nOr $0.60/3 Old El Paso
 
 excludes refrigerated
 
 frozen and soup products from SS 9/9 (exp 11/3)\nFinal Price: $0.05 each
 
 when you buy 3
 
 HAHA refried beans.... I WIN hopefully I have the coupon I need
 
 ________________________
 
 I think we are going to have to get some hamburger helper. HAHA. lol
 
 Hamburger
 
 Chicken or Tuna Helper
 
 4.7-7.5 oz $1.50 each
 
 when you buy 2\nBuy 5
 
 Receive $5.00 Catalina\nUse $0.75/3 Hamburger Helper Home Cooked Skillet Meals from SS 9/9 (exp 11/3)\nOr $0.75/3 Hamburger Helper Home Cooked Skillet Meals from GM 10/7 (exp 12/1)\nFinal Price: $0.25 each
 
 when you buy 3 
 
 yeah right your fuckign funny
 
 and send the kids to nap
 
 and sweep and mop and do a load of laundry
 
 and start fucking cooking dinner
 
 make her do it. 
 
 and do more dishes
 
 how did elise 'make' you eat something that I dont even make you eat
 
 and I still have to vaccum
 
 and I am fucking tired
 
 and im nauseous
 
 and its fucking sitting in my stomach like a brick and my ass is bleeding and my stomach hurts and im dizzy
 
 I fucking hurt
 
 And elise made me eat the salmon for lunch and I wanna puke cause I hate salmon to begin with
 
 no Im fucking done
 
 ? you high?
 
 kkkkaykeykeeeee
 
 theres youtube tutorials. lol
 
 I said I was looking it up
 
 4
 
 fore
 
 for
 
 four
 
 fore
 
 four
 
 for
 
 fore
 
 four
 
 for 
 
 thats what google is four
 
 I dont fuckign know
 
 I'm looking up how hard it is to convert two prong outlets to three prong
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 true
 
 I need to organize the garage some so we can put it next to the work bench
 
 we havent even plugged the new one in yet
 
 lol
 
 lets worry about the morgage etc this month before we buy another freezer
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/app/3347066693.html
 
 I love you babe
 
 I'm sorry I am broken
 
 Im gonna go Tlaking to you makes me angry or annoyed and both sort of right now cause Im mad at you and Im in fucking pain and I feel like crap and the house is falling apart and your not helping with anything lately except the kids and only when I ask you too cause your busy with a mental break down and I cant tell you to just fucking push through like I do because you either cant or you wont or whatever and that annoys me cause Im to fucking busy dying and breaking mentally to keep trying to be sympathetic toyour needs when you relly suck at being sympathetic to mine. I love you I will talk to you later. Im going to go hide in the bathroom for an hour
 
 and I am 37
 
 I'm a librarian.................
 
 my name is Eugene.............
 
 hi.. 
 
 yeas totally
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;v=0_e-TUhRbrI&amp;feature=endscreen  found your perfect man. lol
 
 uh huh
 
 Looove youy
 
 yeah sure
 
 I alway s try. :P its genetic for me
 
 not without trying to get any
 
 I get you stuff when I dont get any :P
 
 lol yeah see only willing to do anythign for me when you think you can get some
 
 if it gets me fun
 
 I'll buy you tranqs and a gallon of vodka. lol  
 
 not allowed to take pain killers and you drank all my vodka
 
 oh... ok.. lots of vicadin and booze
 
 then itll be fun. lol
 
 not at this point
 
 but it would be fun. lol
 
 yeah I dont think that will make it better
 
 I'm sorry babe
 
 I can plug it up and make it better. ;) HAHA jk jk
 
 Omg I feel like crap today. literally and figuratively. Also tmi I know but my ass is bleeding. I dont like that. It makes me all OMG wtf did I eat
 
 just so you know. In case I havent been clear on that
 
 we have to talk at some point. Preferably soon. The sooner we talk the sooner I will probably stop being a bitch as much
 
 Whatever
 
 ok
 
 bulk is probably in the front
 
 oh right bulk pick up november 5th so you gotta get the carpet out to the street or alley or wherever the pick up is by then. the things on the door
 
 lol. Mwah
 
 so nevermind
 
 Also I was going to tell you something else but I dont remember what it was
 
 there I sent it.
 
 so I can try to work on it here
 
 oh... email me that list. (grocery)
 
 Love you MWAH!
 
 just a little. wish it was Friday.. its one of those days.. .
 
 &lt;3
 
 imma got ttyl
 
 your insane
 
 and marboro reds shorts for elise? HAHA
 
 so.. camel super menthols for you
 
 yeah that would be difficult to find camel turkish gold or camel turkish royals por favor
 
 I dont even think they make those. lol
 
 so I'm getting you Marboro Ultralight 100s filterless?  LMFAO
 
 I wasnt talking about bowling bowling in additon tooooooo the money that you blow or attempt to blow on "other things"
 
 Love you.. and I dont get to spend that anymore. I got kicked off the bowling team
 
 so that saves us from spending the 100 a month on bowling. :P
 
 words words words words
 
 words words words
 
 what you spend "your damn 100.00" a month on
 
 words words words
 
 so 80$ +  fuuuuun
 
 yeah
 
 so am I buying you and Elise a carton of smokes?
 
 I got approved to leave at 2 for my lunch so I can go get adam at 230 
 
 there could have been your lunch we even have insulated water bottles that Kris brought over for elise and the hiking so you could have filled it and had it for "lunch
 
 should have gotten a glass this morning
 
 I am in a milk mood.. 
 
 unless you chug a bunch
 
 I doubt we will need milk in five days
 
 its on sale through the Just 4 you section until the 23rd
 
 kk
 
 we still have a gallon and a half right now
 
 Milk is down to 1.59 at Safeway again
 
 good
 
 shes doing the dishes now
 
 she is sorta
 
 have her help
 
 is Elise home?
 
 Im tired and and sissy and annoyed and uswng to get all the kids to clean
 
 yes yes
 
 haha nice. 
 
 HA IITS A U JUST MOVED IN PACK WITH FREE GAMES BOGO STUFF 
 
 ok open it. 
 
 PLAIN WHITE AND HAS WHAT FEELS LIKE A STACK A CARDS IN IT CAN I OPEN IT PLEEEEEEEEEEASSSSSSSSE
 
 whats it look like?
 
 ????
 
 idk can I OPEN PLEEEEEEAAAAAAAAASEEE
 
 Imagine what that is. lol  whats it look like
 
 camino seco
 
 yes bowling alley
 
 bowling alley or USBC?
 
 brunswick?  
 
 Picked him up. you got somehing from des the school and brunswick
 
 and its wed. the kids get out now....
 
 Love you though. 
 
 especially in the middle of the week. 
 
 sorry. I never get out that early though. lol
 
 I wish you were getting out @ 2 so i dont have to pick the kids up
 
 i know
 
 lol we dont have the fundage
 
 i kinda want pizza but I dont want to buy it..
 
 idk
 
 kk hmm... I'm hungry... what to have for lunch? or to have lunch?..... boo...
 
 on the first this is whats due and then Im done and off and whatever but \nwater 154\ngas  23\nmorgage 847\ncell phone  205\nand then whatever else you gots
 
 kk we'll figure it out
 
 or even just for a month until Kris actually pays me the 200.00 a month its supposed to be
 
 so...almost. if we drop the extra morgage to like 300.00 and do it for a couple extra months we should be good
 
 + 100.00 from kris if we get it is 3492
 
 +292 for my child support is 3392
 
 not counting overdraft fees
 
 1800+1300=3100 
 
 We'll figure it out. 
 
 its like 1800 and 1300
 
 and I dont make 3500 lol
 
 okay so add so 3185.00 including smokes and probably 3500.00 including fees
 
 or smokes
 
 lol
 
 you aren't taking into account the overdraft fees
 
 out going                  \n850.00 morgage            \n205.00 cell phones         \n180.00 water bill           \n30.00 gas bill             \n420.00 electric bill\n150.00 victorias secret\n150.00 chase\n150.00 star card\n100.00 car insurance \n200.00 gas cars\n150.00 tint\n500.00 extra morgage\nequals 3085.00 
 
 cause the outgoing I came up with for next month. And im probably forgetting something is....
 
 well according to my nmath we can do it but I maybe over shooting your paychecks by a bit soooo
 
 apparently he doesnt or something idk
 
 he said he did
 
 er
 
 kris doesnt have a print
 
 we dont really have a choice
 
 we'll figure it out
 
 I dont know how you can delude yourself into thinking we can pull that kinda money out your ass but okay
 
 we would only need to do that for 2 months
 
 and we are caught up
 
 I'm giong to do the full amount on the first
 
 and try to send 500 on the 15th next month
 
 
 
 you need to call the mortage and see if you can figure something out like 500 every two weeks
 
 we'll figure it out. 
 
 at least make a partial payment on the phones
 
 well if Kris can pay me we can either put what little he pay s me toward gas or towards the phone and use the rest of my monmey for the other sooooo
 
 we need gas though
 
 we will figure it out ill just have to pay it thatd all
 
 looks like nothing is going to the mortgage then
 
 we owe 206 on the cell phones. IT HAS TO BE PAID BY THE FIRST or the phones get shut off
 
 and this one. so I can see which would be cheaper. 
 
 http://www.passionforsavings.com/coupon/2012/01/0-502-pace-salsa-coupon-perfect-for-doubles/  
 
 (salsa)
 
 the save a dollar off of 2
 
 http://www.couponcadet.com/brand/Ortega
 
 kk
 
 I sent them to Kris so we shall just have to see
 
 if that one works. 
 
 and this one. for tortillas
 
 http://hip2save.com/2012/06/19/high-value-11-tortillaland-flour-tortillas-coupon/
 
 i asked kris to print siome
 
 because that would make the taco seasoning like 28cents
 
 you could make kris and your mum print them. 
 
 I just remembered that we ar eout
 
 also we need salt
 
 yeah but we dont have  a printer sooooo point
 
 http://fabulesslyfrugal.com/2012/09/old-el-paso-seasoning-coupon-and-deal.html can you get to the coupons for this?
 
 Ive been telling you to do that anyways so good
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 and deal with it from there. 
 
 and we're gonna send the 850$ to the Mortgage on the first. 
 
 okie dokie
 
 and we need to mail like 350 to the rent if we can afford it. (apparently if you dont make a full payment
 
 they hold the money until they receive enough for a full payment. ROFL)
 
 so the only thing I think... is Rent and tint. 
 
 hmm.. VS got paid on the first
 
 capital one paid
 
 kk
 
 paid electric and STAR
 
 k
 
 btw I stole the money from the jar to get the kids breakfast this morning cause I didnt have time to make pancakes or the patience this morning because we were out of cereal
 
 mop
 
 trash bags
 
 puffs or similar for sophia
 
 like five things of 99 cent cereal
 
 ketchup
 
 (if you want tacos) hamburger or stew meat
 
 taco seasoning
 
 flour tortillas
 
 cheese
 
 sour cream
 
 hot salsa
 
 cabbage
 
 pico de gaio and if we have the  money smokes
 
 and cheapo five dollar coffee 
 
 k  make another list
 
 with everything and send it all at once. and I'll print it off for me
 
 that kitchen floor is pissing me off and I just dont have the energy to hand scrub it
 
 or something
 
 or swiffer
 
 also need a mop
 
 they are just on their way now fucktards
 
 callem
 
 they still arent here yet. 
 
 fun fun. 
 
 imma go beat riley and saundra
 
 god your an idiot
 
 MWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAHMWAH MWAH :D
 
 whateves
 
 oh.. btw. MWAH
 
 depending on if the connection is too lose or there is an actual leak in the hose
 
 and next to the head on the left hand side is where the leak is. So look at it and either jam the hose on tighter or get some duct tape and wrap the hose
 
 fill it with water becfore you leave work duh
 
 cuz I'm not sure the caddi will make it home. lol
 
 I'll have to come home get the van then go. 
 
 kk I'll look
 
 and puffs arent necessary if you can find a different finger food for her
 
 just letting you know. lol
 
 we need garbage bags
 
 puffs for sophia
 
 ketchup
 
 taco everything for it if you want that
 
 cereal cause we are out and coffee if we have  spare five bucks
 
 Im not even bothering with gluten free right now
 
 everything hurts anyways so I might as well eat food that tastes good.
 
 17th-25th
 
 Sprouts is having a 25% off sale on all 2500 different gluten free products in the store. 
 
 can't do the bedget billing until we have a 6 month history.. darn... well try again in a couple months. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/10/13/free-muir-glen-tomato-sauce-at-albertsons-1014-1016/
 
 whgat do you think?
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2012/10/16/save-10-00-enfagrow-milk-drink-only-1-47-at-walmart/
 
 Ok
 
 so I'll see if that gets approved
 
 and... I enrolled in the budget billing for TEP so that spreads the 'assumed' usage out over the year so you have a standard bill (not the bouncing one like we have now)
 
 and.. I found out my legs finally hurt.. so two days to and from work
 
 is my limit now.. (for now)
 
 caddi made it to work
 
 but it needs a quart of oil
 
 and three more gallons of water. lol we really need to get that hose fixed.
 
 I know I have to pay the STAR and the VS and I think Capital One. And rent 
 
 I think thats it...
 
 and we have to make sure 120$ is left for the 21st when the tint comes out
 
 hmm...
 
 need to remember the other ones. ...
 
 just paid electric. 
 
 Say the bills and bring me home a carton if you can before it
 
 love you
 
 at work now
 
 howda fuck you gonna get home in ti
 
e for tutoring?
 
 yea... christmas and all summer.. good luck. haha
 
 lol. 
 
 He decided he was going to take him for christmas and all summer and she was like um no Yay in fuck
 
 He decided he was going to take him for christmas and all summer and she was like um no Yay in fuck
 
 ?  whats she doing now?
 
 igtg gonna get ready to get the brats hopefully elise will be done fighting with rileys dad soon so I can go
 
 lol yeah 
 
 as for canned veggies
 
 if I can get them under like 30cents
 
 we'll mega stock
 
 if we can get it under 50 cents a can we'll stock up
 
 if only it would go on sale and we had coupons. lol
 
 probably
 
 thats probably what I was thinking about
 
 back in June they were 72 cents each
 
 :P
 
 haha
 
 eeeew frozen shredded cheese
 
 makes em wanna stock up on cheese and freeze it. ROFL
 
 yup
 
 cheese is expensive
 
 its like ten bucks for everything except the cheese
 
 your a freakazoid somethimes
 
 lol Now that I started the couponing
 
 I now hate spending money
 
 or one of those big ones which is like 250 ish
 
 and we go through two cans a night now
 
 there like 150
 
 because the refried beans can get expensive 
 
 I'll check when I get a minutes tonight
 
 it was one of the deal things because the refried beans were in the participating items. and it was like 10 for 10 or something like that
 
 sophie just cralled into the other livingroom then got mad when she saw the ottoman blocking her way
 
 I thought that was for bushes beans not for refried beans
 
 I remember seeing an ad and making a comment about your beans being on sale
 
 just to find it now. (still getting organized since I'm just starting)
 
 I could find something
 
 do we have anything else to eat? so I can look for deals on the refried beans?  just curious
 
 need to get stuff if you want tacos tonight. Tortillas taco seasoning refried beans and cheese
 
 happens
 
 still no work from the other two
 
 Okay sounds good
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/app/3329340041.html this is the guy that emailed back that Imma pick up tonight some time after I tutor
 
 mwah
 
 I ate. It was a very stupid idea
 
 I know have owies
 
 walk in and say.... "we're here to clean....... you out"  HAHA
 
 bwahahahahahahahaha
 
 thrift store. HAHAA
 
 I wouldnt suggest putting stew in freezer bags. really what we need are gallon sized tupperwares
 
 so we need the different size freezer bags then?
 
 if we had anything to store them in in the freezer hell if we had storage shit I could just double up when I cook so when I feel lazy I could pull a pot of stew or cassarole oout in the morning and not have to cook that night
 
 if we get a bunch of veggies
 
 and stuff
 
 we could make a GIANT thing of stew
 
 and freeze it in like person size bags
 
 so if one of us is hungry
 
 all you have to do is take the stew out
 
 and nukawave it
 
 look what I commented. lol
 
 hehe I win
 
 I conqure I couldnt afford my smokes and booze if I didnt have food stamps
 
 lol I dislike your brothers new shared picture. lol HAHA
 
 fucking allergy season and shit. The changing of the weather knocks kids on their asses
 
 he went to school. once the meds kicked in that I gave him when they woke up he was better. He was just so stuffy
 
 Is adam in bed
 
 or did he go to school?
 
 and we could even freeze fruits
 
 or veggies if we arent going to use them and they start to go bad
 
 and just thaw them for a stew
 
 or a smoothie
 
 etc..
 
 because we keep holding back when we find really good deals due to storage. 
 
 then we can have two or three
 
 lol
 
 hopefully one of the other ones respond. 
 
 okay sounds liike a plaaaaan
 
 looks like we are getting the 50$ freezer
 
 (first person to respond)
 
 that doesnt work as a person who has a family and needs o hold down a job. Unfortunately. I would be fine if I were drunk all day. But I dont
 
 because I have responsibilities so I suck it up and deal as best I can. 
 
 yeah no 
 
 worked in school. lol
 
 yep yep yep. all I have to do is be stoned
 
 or tweaking 24/7 and Poof! fixed
 
 uh uh
 
 uh huh
 
 no you need to decide that you will deal then get on meds to help. You cant rely entirely on meds they dont work that way
 
 I need meds and meds and meds. lol
 
 and yes you need another bowling league but thats seperate
 
 no you need to just be honest with me so I dont get angry with you duh
 
 I need meds that make me better. lol
 
 something.. 
 
 I dont know.. 
 
 I need like two bowling leagues or something that fills all of my time outside the house 
 
 I love you too. And just so you know the only reason your not in trouble for lying to me
 
 lying to me again
 
 and either offering to do things in MY van or actually doing things in my van is Im still a bit shut off from the last time. Youve got to stop this shit. I love you and accept you for the horn dog that you are
 
 but you have got to stop lying to me. It drives me nuts &lt;3
 
 love you babe :D mwah
 
 Lol leaving work now
 
 I was thinking how pissed i an. Probably more than you and i have that you bowl but its they Fucked with mine. No one ducks with mine its mine. Now they have to bleed their own blood cause youre mine
 
 what did that 'your mine' mean?
 
  coolio yeah I just walked back in to the house
 
 are you there?
 
 http://www.totallytarget.com/2012/10/07/new-12-ragu-pasta-sauce-to-stack-target-deal/ lookie
 
 where did that come from? lol
 
 umm ya... 
 
 Your mine
 
 &lt;3 u
 
 no ill call tomorrow. I gotta go to get the brats in a minute
 
 you call DES yet?
 
 makes me want to pour weed killer on his grass 
 
 thats like you being mad that someone would be trying to get in Katey's pants. It makes no sense. and he needs to grow the fuck up
 
 apparently he was so pissed
 
 he wanted to beat my ass but didn't because I'm active duty. (according to the text he sent me)
 
 I dont really give a fuck. One Joe had no reason to flip balls
 
 two ray lied and three joe as someone who knows you personally should have had the desency and respect to come to you and at the least bitch you out in person
 
 I'm assuming that Ray made a stupid comment to Joe
 
 and he flipped
 
 and called Darryl and Larry. and Darryl probably went.. Ya.. he did this and  he does that all the time being a dumbass. and they all just went from there. 
 
 and makes no sense
 
 thats really weird
 
 and I just apparently got banned from the invitational only Vegas leafgue
 
 not the alley
 
 Camino Seco are one of the best alleys though. 
 
 yeah there are plenty of bowling alleys around town. still assface and cuntwhore
 
 yea.. lets not do that. I'll probably eventually get on a different  (non travel league) so I can make some money 
 
 fucking cunt ass bitch lying sack of shit and pussy ass man to worried about his godamn secondary vagina to bother figuring out what actually happened 
 
 go for it
 
 this once I would let you
 
 Im pissed for you. It makes me want to go down to the alley and start shit
 
 makes me want to take leave tomorrow and finish your bottle tonight. lol
 
 they are supposed to be grown ups and yet they are acting like fucking twelve year old
 
 its so fucking childsh
 
 yay
 
 they should be puniched for that crap
 
 funny thing.. I was almost two weeks behind on paying -38$  so now since Joe never wants to see me again ever. and I have been told to never go to that league again. then they have to pay it for me. lol
 
 I liked bowling too.. wtf.... 
 
 so shes just being a cunt
 
 There was nothing in there and then she went from talking to "i dont want to be a part of your weirdness" which you explained
 
 but there was nothing in any of those message to make you think I pissed off or creeped out Ray
 
 Larry was probably actually just putting a downplayed version of what Joe was saying. 
 
 what a load of horse crap. You did flirt a little with her but so what
 
 you try to flirt with everyone. There was nothing weird about it at all and she was all comfortable talking to you then boom she went all crazy bitch and Larry was just being an ass. What a sack of crap. Douche bags the lot of them
 
 work account
 
 allen.johnson
 
 or the other one
 
 ?
 
 the one your on now
 
 you should log on and read the Larry Bush messages
 
 all assholes the lot of them
 
 who knows.. and it was Larry that was 'nominated' to tell me so he facebooked me. 
 
 they are all a bunch of bitch tits
 
 they are supposed to be your "friendish people" why wouldnt they just talk to you instead of being dicks. And I still dont understand how rey has anything to do with joe
 
 fucking assholes
 
 yeah no that just seems stupid to me
 
 and that was awwwwhile ago
 
 when the one person told me to stop
 
 I did. 
 
 well you can be pervy but seriously why wouldnt someone just open their mouth to you? thats fucking childish
 
 and out of the people that might have reported me I can only think of 2 that would possible have done taht. 
 
 apparently there have been a bunch of people at bowling that basically reported me for harrassment but I was never informed. so that sounds like a load of shit
 
 cause they are being assholes for no reason
 
 they are all cunt monkeys and can suck your big fat dick 
 
 thats just fucking retarded 
 
 I havent read anything today
 
 but I looked last night
 
 I even said I wasn't trying to get in her pants
 
 and why would joe care if you were trying to sleep with her anyways
 
 you read the Ray messages.. 
 
 so thats just fucking stupid
 
 And I didnt see anything on your fb messages that was....skeezy
 
 whatever they are assholes
 
 and he blew the fuck up
 
 and they voted and decided that I was out
 
 and apparently the league said that our team was not invited next year if I was on the team. so.. fuck them all. I'm done
 
 told Joe taht I was trying to sleep with her (which I wasn't and I Have the FB messages to prove it)
 
 ((Just started talking to her on FB a couple days ago))
 
 apparently Rey (the chick from the party)
 
 cunt monkeys
 
 oh such love they show
 
 they voted me off the team
 
 wy not
 
 I'm not bowling anymore
 
 yay
 
 still waiting on people to email me back on the freezers
 
 yay
 
 ordered. 
 
 $51.50 total (processing fee)
 
 that works
 
 ?
 
 sound good?
 
 k. so 2 baskets
 
 30$ total. 2 granola 20$ total\n\noverall 50$
 
 thats what I was thinking.. lol
 
 2 granola
 
 they are cheaper at store
 
 no
 
 so for 33$ apples yes or no?
 
 thats $1.20 a lb for apples... 
 
 for 40lbs
 
 ouch.. the apples are 33$. lol
 
 1 granola?
 
 k
 
 granola
 
 anything else?
 
 so apples?
 
 two pomegranates took us like three fucking weeks to eat
 
 they are messy and no one can eat a whole one without getting sick
 
 apples yes maybe
 
 pomegranates no.
 
 (smoothies
 
 or whatnot
 
 or the pomegranates 
 
 what do you think of the apples?
 
 the granola always went quick didn't it?
 
 the granola was nice
 
 the kids really liked it. The bread is ridiculously expensive 
 
 extra's this week
 
 Sourdough Bread - 5 loaves\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaORGANIC Original Sweet 9 Grain Bread - 5 loaves - Contains Wheat. Baked in a facility with nuts.\n(Max 5)  $12.00 eaVeggie Lovers Pack - Asian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! An asian themed variety to help fill out the dinner table!\n(Max 5)  $9.00 eaAssorted bread pack (3 loaves savory 9 grain
 
 1 sourdough blunt
 
 1 baguette)\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaBountiful Baskets Granola - 28 oz - Oats
 
 Honey
 
 coconut oil
 
 roasted &amp; salted cashews
 
 dates
 
 diced pineapple
 
 sunflower seeds
 
\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaHarvest Pack - Hoping for 2 pie pumpkins
 
 2 extra small pie pumpkins
 
 mini and large indian corn
 
 Tiger Stripe &amp; Carnival Squash\n(Max 5)  $16.00 eaPumpkin - Approx basketball size\n(Max 5)  $3.50 eaHoneycrisp Apples - from Washington
 
 Approx 40 lb\n(Max 5)  $33.50 eaPomegranate - from California Approx 22 lb\n(Max 5)  $18.50 ea
 
 so thats proof of address then the bills lol
 
 theres that sent to your email
 
 I did the bank statement
 
 now I have to upload the Cox
 
 water
 
 gas
 
 mortgage
 
 bills
 
 email that too me
 
 the firewall wont let me look at it through fb
 
 proof address there that the rest you have to upload bank statements and shit for
 
 so address
 
 assets and expenses
 
 wait.. just did income. 
 
 Just proof of address
 
 assets
 
 income and expenses left
 
 6540 e 38th st tucson az 85730
 
 5202709386
 
 whats your cell number and your mums address?
 
 e 2nd 85710
 
 7962?
 
 whats the address again?
 
 ok
 
 yes her and riley live with you  in kind. so you dont pay her
 
 (doing my DES app now)
 
 did Elise mark down she lived at my house?
 
 week*
 
 and When bountiful baskets opens at noon I'll let you know what extras we have this weeks
 
 ok thanks.. and remember to call them. lol
 
 I cut it up and no and Nikki215003
 
 dont forget to cut up the pineapple before the gnats kill it
 
 you call DES yet?
 
 whats your frys password?
 
 lol 
 
 I honestly dont care if they call me mommy and her marissa
 
 I think she deserves it
 
 buuuuuttt adam wouldnt do that and you know drama
 
 so now we all agree. lol
 
 thats fine with me. The kids know they have a mommy that isnt me so its not like it changes anything
 
 (which luckily she is already doing. lol)
 
 but momma is fine for saundra to call you 
 
 she would like if we can keep her as mommy
 
 lol talking to marissa on FB
 
 &lt;3 blech blah monkeys
 
 love you too
 
 Love you
 
 ?
 
 Math and shit
 
 ok..   Mwah
 
 quik realses idk
 
 cause they take lining up then pullig and twisting and shit. Id rather just put a damn tire on any day
 
 it is less confusing for my brain. Just check if they are lined up correctly or if there is a bubble in the side of a tire. if there is a bubble Ill fix it when you get home. If its lined up incorrectly
 
 take it off
 
 put it back on
 
 or even just like untwist it and wiggle it over or something like that
 
 im not the best with quick releases
 
 it felt harder to ride to work
 
 so I think one of the brakes is rubbing
 
 the tires are probably on crooked
 
 but remind me to check the brakes when I get home. 
 
 yup
 
 so did the tires make it this time?
 
 love you too
 
 LOOOOVE YOU
 
 I just did the math.. its also a smaller chest freezer
 
 sierra vista is like an hour away. you know that right
 
 I found this too.. 
 
 http://sierravista.craigslist.org/app/3322390389.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/app/3292254517.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/app/3329340041.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/app/3306896495.html
 
 If you are online can you send me those links to the freezers please?
 
 yes yes
 
 be something different for the kids. 
 
 fingers crossed we can get like 4-8 of them. lol
 
 I'll research when I get home. 
 
 if we can get them to work. 
 
 yay free lol
 
 drops them to .99cent each.  with the buy 4
 
 get a 4$ catilina
 
 makes them free. lol
 
 lookie. look at the kraft fresh take part.
 
 http://www.livingrichwithcoupons.com/2012/10/safeway-coupons-deals-for-the-week-of-1010-1016.html
 
 ok
 
 its the free printable website the whole page
 
 not specific coupons
 
 ok good. so that is the .55cents off of 2 pastas?
 
 yes
 
 http://strk.enlnks.com/aff_c?offer_id=118&amp;aff_id=10&amp;url_id=103&amp;aff_sub5=17345049&amp;affsrc=1  does this open for you?
 
 lol
 
 ?
 
 damn right
 
 :P
 
 kk
 
 be hom ein a bit
 
 I'm coming home for lunch now. lol threaten her with me. HAHA
 
 god fucking child is a whiney little shit. Sit down and eat or go sit on the couch "but I just want something else" Not an option. "but but but but waaaaaaaaaaaaah I just waaaaaaaaaaaah want something else waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah"
 
 lol
 
 true true
 
 and if we make like 1$ per 4 we buy. lol its free and we get paid
 
 and can use the catilina's for anything we need/want
 
 and try to stock us up for 6-12 months on that
 
 and if I can do it
 
 I'll start stealing peoples computers to get lots of coupons. lol
 
 thats fine
 
 ok. I'll look when I get home. since I cant do all of the sites here. 
 
 yeah its just breadcrumbs and cheese so breaded chicken or pork chops
 
 I am looking and it has a 3$ catilina when you buy 4 at safeway
 
 and I think I can get them down around $ .75 each with coupons so we would actually make money on them..
 
 http://www.kraftrecipes.com/kraftcheese/freshtake.aspx  would you be able to find a use for this stuff?
 
 and that we should be good
 
 so Ill call on monday to double check that they got the info
 
 so I resubmitted everything right when she got off the phone
 
 yeah its fucking retarded
 
 we really need to find that goddamn jpower cord
 
 apparently they are retarded at des
 
 so shes flipping balls
 
 I told her eat it or starve
 
 even though its on your online profile they can't see it?
 
 she refuses to try it because "she doesnt know what it tastes like"
 
 Kahlen is screaming at the table. Ii made the kids the leftover stew before it goes bad
 
 that they didnt get it either but I needed to resubmit those two things
 
 what did they say?
 
 Ill call again on monday to double check
 
 resent in Kateys thing and more bank statements but we should be good
 
 finally done
 
 is a bitch
 
 fucking a
 
 grr still on the phone with des
 
 &lt;3
 
 Imma go
 
 I got shit to do. I keep stopping and taking breaks on the fb but if I keep this up I wont accomplish shit
 
 she is a god damn child
 
 Riley is currently down there jumping on her and she is still all out like a fucking light
 
 she goes "mumnumnumnmmmmm" and rolls over.
 
 yeah cause that works
 
 go wake her up
 
 upside the kids didnt notic. soph is asleep and they were all in the play room
 
 I love my body. Its so fun. Now my fucking hip is bruised. Mother fucker
 
 good thing I was on the carpet
 
 I just fainted lol
 
 kk
 
 ok. I'll fill stuff out tonight after bowling.
 
 its gonna be a bitch since they are being such ass fucks riht now
 
 you should try
 
 I think so]
 
 do you think I'd qualify now that I have a 500$ + electric and a mortgage?
 
 fun fun fun
 
 calling now for the interview
 
 I put in the app wed night and the uploads
 
 yep
 
 so you are calling to make sure we get the FS on the 1st?
 
 bitches
 
 fucking DES hold
 
 like chest tightening my heart feels like its beating out of my chest and Im dizzy but Im completely mentally coherant. No panic
 
 ok..
 
 ?
 
 remind me to add to my list "panick attacks without the panic part
 
 Fuck if I know children are stupid
 
 he said okay
 
 Hopefully coming from her 'buddy' etc.. it will get through her head
 
 -------------------
 
 next time you talk to elise
 
 or see her or something.. can you try to emphasize that the whole sleeping all day isn't working. and the laying on the couch all day if she is awake isn't working. Nikki on the edge of killing herbecause Nikki is extremely fucked up right now
 
 and has trouble walking
 
 but is still doing everythingmaybe coming from you and not me or nikki (because we have tried) will do something.
 
 this is what I sent. 
 
 its not his fault shes useless
 
 why
 
 k  I jsut messaged him. 
 
 no he took adam to school and then went to work so I have Kahlen too
 
 kris still at the house?
 
 Love you..   I'm giong to try to remember to call the nueropsychology place and Wells Fargo today when I get home.
 
 &lt;3
 
 or pass out 
 
 and try not to puke 
 
 and a load of laundry
 
 and do the dishes
 
 and vaccum
 
 and put sophie back to bed
 
 and beat children
 
 Imma go smoke
 
 the whole goddamn world
 
 fucking assholes
 
 Im tired of it. Oh you poor thing
 
 take a break
 
 then get back to cleaning up after me
 
 he does good
 
 he doesbnt sleep he still pops up like a fucking daisy cause he will just nap all day. at his own fucking house. Im just tired of people telling me Im sick and I shouldnt do stuff or that I should fucking take it easy when they arent willing to take up the slack even for five minutes
 
 because at least his insomnia ass gets up at a half ass ok time
 
 tell kris that he needs to not stay up so late 
 
 or get it through her head to get up at a decent time
 
 sometimes she moves and does something else
 
 but that hasnt happened in like a week
 
 actually Im worse. I look at her and go "yeah like either of you do shit" than keep doing it.
 
 when she says that (me and phillip are here) just say
 
 'ok
 
 go do it
 
 Phillips at work.. so.. you're turn'
 
 except for the one day wehre I claimed sleeping in like 4 days before
 
 and since Kris as been here its worse because she stays up later
 
 she fucking does this "you shouldnt be doing that me and phillip are here" crap and then doesnt move from the couch
 
 I have
 
 she acts all contrite for like a heartbeat then doesnt move
 
 I can go to bed after her and still get up before her
 
 then say that. 
 
 I am malnurished
 
 under fed
 
 under obsorbing
 
 shaking daily
 
 passed out three fucking times this week and I am busting my ass doing everything while she sits on the couch going " Im sooooo tired" Bitch so am I
 
 I havent slept in months. GTFU
 
 only getting up when she hears riley scream and usually ends up taking a three hour nap on the couch at some point in there
 
 and is half asleep still
 
 all day
 
 then she lays on the couch
 
 and the minute I get back she drives away to get monster
 
 but she goes back to bed when you get home
 
 when I take the kids to school she is up at exactly 745 when I leave
 
 and she's there all day
 
 its sad when I have been doing more in the house than she has. 
 
 Imma start being stupid loud every morning and tell her she needs to get up before 9am every day. shes been here long enough to adjust
 
 hell Ill take all kids everytime rather then have to deal with her extra crap I have to clean up after
 
 they can go in the car
 
 its winter time
 
 or store trips
 
 its not like she does anything but make more laundry and shit
 
 not for picking up the kids.  or dropping them off. 
 
 I barely have enough energy to take care of our kids and the house
 
 let alone the two extra children living in my basement
 
 it would help me
 
 I'm afraid that if I bitch at her
 
 she'll get all pissy and move in with kris
 
 which will not help any of us.
 
 about what? Acting like idiots. So far Riley is still asleep so what do I have to say that I havent already said. "Im sick and tired of being your mom
 
 wake up take care of your kid
 
 clean some of the house
 
 wash your own dishes
 
 feed your own fucking kid sometime and wash your own fucking clothes. Been there had that convo
 
 especially elise after Kris leaves. 
 
 Just bitch at them. 
 
 not that Im aware of. but they are still stupid heads
 
 have they done that yet?
 
 got jack in the crack
 
 smoked a bowl and watched the new guy. Its like having a god damn set of teenagers in the fucking house. Up till god knows when sleeping till fuck all
 
 eating all my food
 
 not cleaning up after themselves
 
 and trying not to make out in front of mommy and daddy
 
 so what did dumb and dumber do last night
 
 http://couponconnections.com/2012/10/colgate-toothpaste-19-at-walmart/\n\nI'm sorry babe..
 
 inside my head
 
 Fuck there is something up with my ear head neck part its all drippy goey poppy things
 
 god damn mother fucking genetics can suck my mother fucking dick and my gi can go to hell and die and take my primary care doctor and my god damn digestive tract with him the mother fucking useless son of a bitch chink ass fucker
 
 but you know how I feel about doing that
 
 I want to cry
 
 Im trying to be functional
 
 im chasing the kids
 
 trying to figure out whats for dinner but I just fuck
 
 so just so you know
 
 I think Im dying now
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 I think something crawled into my intestines while i was sleeping and fucking died. I might be next. I cant stop vomiting. Fuck
 
 kk
 
 school knows... 
 
 520)584-5000
 
 I only ever really let the kids have a singular glass with dinner or something if its already made
 
 forever
 
 do you want/ do we need/ more kool aid?\nor.. how long do you think taht kool aid will last?
 
 ok
 
 just to ensure theres no issues
 
 I called Laurie she says its fine. But if you get the chance today you should call the school and leave a message for Mrs. Palmer saying that "Douglas' mom Laurie is picking up adam today"
 
 kk
 
 okay imma call laurie
 
 doubtful I'm getting off early enough
 
 So are you going to get off of work in time to pick Adam up or do I need to try to find someone else to do it?
 
 I'm extremely upset with you.. Out of the past two times that they have smoked
 
 I have wanted too. but didn't... So since you decided to do it tonight
 
 I'm extremely pissed...  Just so you know...  Its not fair and fucked up.. 
 
 you talking about it like i know what you mean and i dont it doesnt work in my head it doesnt make sense at all its owie
 
 what?
 
 stop talking
 
 I dont get it 
 
 because it would be like 2.50 for 20
 
 with a 2$ coupon you get 
 
 which is 8 2 liters
 
 so you get 8 2 liters
 
 and 20 things of kool aid for 50 cents  
 
 and it hurts
 
 my brain doesn understand it
 
 in pain I'm assuming..\n
 
 no and i dont care
 
 http://www.couponersunited.com/2011/03/kool-aid-coupons.html\n\nHave your mom do this. and kris
 
 and who ever else you know. and try to get the coupons before I get home\nyou can print two per computer\n\n\nthat way.. if its 50cent off of 5
 
 they are 4/1.00 right now. and every 20 koolaid packets you buy you get a 2.00 print out coupon at the register for your next purchase\n\nso for 20 packages
 
 with 4 coupons
 
 it would be 8/1.00 and you would get 2.00 back (which would get 8 2 liters)\n\ndoes that make sense?\n
 
 looove you. lol
 
 grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
 
 ucking usless assholes
 
 bitch Ive been tested for that crap
 
 fucking gi is pissing me off. We know its more then the thrush and they sent me the lab work and all they are testing me for is hepatitis and hiv
 
 do we have any macoroni at the house still?.
 
 sorry :P
 
 lol 
 
 not THE CARD
 
 for using at Safeway
 
 the safeway card. you said the card for safeway so I assumed safeway card
 
 no I dont have the Food Stamps card
 
 well Ill see you tonight at like.........7. I thought you already had it. Okay ttyl &lt;3
 
 then I'll steal the card for safeway
 
 ok
 
 orry. I woke up with unhappy belly this morning. I made it till I got home from dropping the kids off then it blewed up. Oh right for whats his face or whatever
 
 then the tutoring at 5
 
 I have the going away party today at 3
 
 mwah lov eyou 
 
 youi can email me big one or something to think your thoughs aloud and ill respond when m brain is back on
 
 :P
 
 Im not coherent enough to think abot math and groceries
 
 money
 
 and food
 
 lol
 
 .about what?
 
 Mwah love you.. and I wanna talk. :P
 
 fucking stupid numberpad no work. bastard kkk &lt;3 you ttyl
 
 damn numlock &lt;3
 
 which means its  1.76 a gallen
 
 &lt;
 
 im off.....ttyl &lt;
 
 the .88 half gallons arent horrible. And they fit in the fridge better lol
 
 Lucerne Milk 
 
 64oz Whole
 
 2%
 
 1% or Fat Free Limit 3 $1.00 off Coupon \nOne-time 
 
 thats as low as I can find it atm
 
 Pantry Essentials - Whole
 
 2%
 
 1% or Fat Free Milk 
 
 Gallon Your Price $1.59 
 
 would give me a way to get rid of all that brocolli
 
 is no lke pinapple. Ive done spinach broccolli carrot orange banana mango strawberry blueberry ones for the kids that they fn loved
 
 grandma had a juicer
 
 I've done stuff like that before
 
 and you wont taste the carrot
 
 but you still get the nutrients
 
 thats disgusting have fun with that
 
 pineapple
 
 carrot
 
 smoothie
 
 so you can makes smoothys
 
 but thats what tin foil is for
 
 and veggie fruit juices
 
 well we have a blender with no lid
 
 smoothies
 
 juicer and blender
 
 dork
 
 up one shelf lol to the relatively empty one
 
 we need a juicer
 
 and if not we can put yours in the garage bwahahhaha
 
 where will potatoes and carrots go
 
 lol
 
 trust me I can fit them in there
 
 and the potatoes and carrots are there now
 
 80 wont fit there. lol
 
 we could shove them all in the bottom of the pantry if we clean out the old soda boxes lol
 
 as opposed to the garage
 
 we can find somewhere in the house to store
 
 and since you hate hot cold soda
 
 thats fine
 
 since we dont know when the sale will happen again
 
 and be set for awhile. 
 
 so we can spend like 10-20$ on soda and get like 40-80 2 liters. 
 
 which is pretty much going to milk meat and soda since bb
 
 150.00
 
 Nikki215003 I think. or nikki215003
 
 you there?
 
 what is your Frys loging password?
 
 whats left on the card?
 
 4 2liters for a dollar lol
 
 so we can stock stock up
 
 and its unlimited.
 
 I know right
 
 shit thats convenient
 
 Safeway pop super on sale
 
 Refreshe Soda Products Selected Varieties\n2 LITER $0.25 Reg. Price\n$0.99Save Up To\n$0.74Up To\n74%10/3/2012 - 10/31/2012
 
 leaving work now. so looks like you can pick me up when you go to get the kids. can we fit the bike in the car with the two kids?  text me the answer
 
 also wouldnt be surprised if you get sick. lots of stuff running around
 
 oh reminded me adam needs a doc  appointment for the anorexia thing and the fact that he has had a cough that hasnt gone away for like a month and a half now. Saundra needs an appt for her yearly check up and to check out her tonsils cause they keep bugging her. I keep telling you but you keep forgetting. I feel like if I write it to you you might remember
 
 booored. hot.. feel like I'm going to get sick...
 
 lol yeah right your funny honey
 
 or you could make Elise come get me. 
 
 bitch ass
 
 then get back in the damn car and go back and fucking get you at like 4
 
 flush
 
 it was entirely fluch
 
 cause that means I have to get the kids at 2:40 come back home
 
 I almost didn't see the 2in thorn
 
 
 
 I tried
 
 grrrrrr
 
 fun for me
 
 so its pretty bad. 
 
 and it lasted until 3rd base
 
 spun the tires again
 
 I removed the punctures
 
 spun the wheels
 
 and aired them up at quicktrip
 
 yay so I have to work on the bike tonight fun for me
 
 front tire hit a 2in long thorn
 
 2 times front two times back
 
 blew the tires out 4 times. 
 
 lol why do I have to pick you up from work?
 
 $
 
 25@
 
 Granny Smith Apples - from California and Washington
 
 Approx 38 lb\n  HAHA I think that this is a little excentric. HAHA  
 
 ...
 
 I'm going to have to be picked up from work. 
 
 just paid the gas bill
 
 7am at the clements center
 
 Wtf we need fifteen pineapples for
 
 so like 10-15 pineapples
 
 19 pound box
 
 ... what about pineapples
 
 k  carrots yes
 
 I dont case figure it out im busy chasing around seven thousand assimle les and cant keep straigt
 
 12.50$ carrots 14$ pineapple
 
 what d oyou think?
 
 Pineapple - Approx 19 lb. box from Mexico\n
 
 Carrots - Approximately 25 Lb bag - from Colorado\n
 
 In going to kill the kids seriously i yelted saundscs butt not that thats hard but still. I havent really smacked the kids in months cause i know in not okay. 
 
 Yeah its true. Moms supposed to be saying up for it but she is not
 
 because we can't be paying mikey for babysitting in clothes and games
 
 if we are also paying for his phone
 
 but we need to figure otu the damn phones... 
 
 I paid the whole thing 195$
 
 try resetting everything..
 
 try the internet.. 
 
 hopefully it will work soon
 
 total due. $524.90
 
 phone... wtf?
 
 Includes a past due amount of $312.16 \n
 
 having loading issues with tmobile
 
 so 125$... 195$
 
 cox
 
 just paid insurance
 
 Never said he could just saying. God damn it this whole fuck up my stomach as much as possible plan so i can get a diagnosis has its draw backs 
 
 dont think he can help. lol
 
 lol
 
 Jesus my damn self hurts 
 
 T mobile dot com them 5202709386 and i think the password is Wright123
 
 kk... whats the info to get on the phone stuff and check?
 
 And we need to drop down on internet its getting to expensive its upping to 105 a month 
 
 Bell phones thats what we forgot 
 
 paying teh whole 194$ (ouch)
 
 Yes yes correct
 
 oh.. Cox....
 
 feels like I'm missing some..
 
 and Gas and Electric and that is it I think. and water..
 
 cant log onto the Star Card
 
 Tint will come out on the 21st
 
 and I need a 500$ money order for the mortgage right?
 
 VS should come out today
 
 Capital one due on the 25th
 
 Bills dont forget the house money
 
 mythbusters 8 and 9 are now on netflix. lol Just got an email ROFL
 
 Play room is still dirty  when you gets home kill billy and saundra lol
 
 damn trumpet lessons tonight  lol I have to wait till after to drink. ROFL
 
 and want booze. 
 
 hungry
 
 Starting them eat them sick then hungry then ebt then sick 
 
 ditto
 
 And hungry oh so very hungry
 
 Also im crazy owie
 
 I could but im already sick so its just Grr  
 
 hmm well if you are going to get sick anyways.. make it good. lol
 
 I want damn something to ebt but food make me sicky
 
 Tired and cranky
 
 ? y
 
 I hate everything
 
 Lol happens 
 
 but I"m saving gas
 
 and hungry
 
 me too. I'm bored.
 
 Miss you wish you were home already
 
 Maybe
 
 lol  then go buy
 
 and bring home and put in oven. ROFL
 
 Annoys me when the freeze gets all full stupid
 
 why? lol
 
 So not buying pizza 
 
 3.21 pizza
 
 1.34 white pasta sauce
 
 .79 lettuce
 
 1.99 5lb bag of potatoes
 
 and a couple other things
 
 potatoes
 
 on sale
 
 
 
 I emailed you the new Safeway stuff. 
 
 Okay tired yucky 
 
 how ar eyou doing?
 
 G\xf6od morning love
 
 good mor
 
 ning
 
 She already left to nanas house for spoiling
 
 so when is rene going to Mikes?
 
 ROFL
 
 'cough' ~cough~  I can't go get it. 
 
 Shes sick too
 
 make her do it. lol
 
 I do but i have  no urge to drive
 
 :P
 
 aint got no money
 
 Soda
 
 need drink?
 
 She is sick to
 
 what do you mean?
 
 ?
 
 Also need drink
 
 A bit sicky
 
 okey dokkey. is Elise still feeling ok?
 
 You get home i in to bed. This bug plus me is bad combo
 
 Wgatdtdp
 
 Mwah
 
 And its not hangover cause i chugged water
 
 Makes me wana die mauseaous amd puky  amd head hurty
 
 My head hurts so bad fuck it all up the ass
 
 I like tv though 
 
 its a vibration thing probably.
 
 put on my  music. something that when sped up has about 140 bpm
 
 Something wrong sophia. She wont sleep unless on my heart not even holding her other wise works
 
 Soph is cranky kids sick and damn feel like death
 
 ? howso?
 
 Fucking suck tastic day
 
 ?
 
 Pain
 
 Why not?
 
 Not entirely possible
 
 Have her do it from her phone
 
 No internet
 
 you should have elise order a Bountiful Baskets for us. lol
 
 There is lunch if you want to come home now
 
 End of the world tyqe shit
 
 I'll look
 
 kk
 
 Amd cheap dishwasher detergent
 
 kk
 
 Pick up sophia diapers no your way home
 
 we have sausage and sourkraut and I hasvebreakfast steaks thawing for dinner. She woke up from her nap skalding hot. I gave her motrin and a room temp bath to cool her off. it almost worked. 
 
 do we still have the goulash
 
 or macoroni left?
 
 I'm hungry... 
 
 the tint money came out yesterday so we are broke. lol
 
 ohh.. poor babe
 
 Whatever works. Saundra is not feeling well
 
 I messaged darrel
 
 joe and Larry and told them I will post bowl for tonight
 
 what does that have to do with anythign. Bowling is unimportant
 
 just like in all reality mty smokes are unimportant as is my IDK getting out of the house. Sometimes you really piss me offf imma log off now before I start dragging stuff out and bitching at you
 
 I just had a parent
 
 teacher
 
 special ed teacher
 
 and therapist conference less than a month ago
 
 you skip his parent teacher conference to go bolwing....yeah. with a special needs child...that so makes you parent of the year
 
 Uh no you cant
 
 can too
 
 and its not liek you can skip that
 
 600pm
 
 and I'm not going to be home until after 3pm probably
 
 ditto im out of coffee and shit. Adams parent teacher conference is at six remember
 
 and I have bowling tonight...
 
 I'm tired....
 
 haha
 
 having fun at work kiddo. Then of course I pointed out that Douglas's parents were behind us so adam lost his shit cause he wanted douglas to come play
 
 totally lol
 
 haha.. they wanted your body
 
 uh how can I entertain you when Imm on the way to get the brat? Btw one of the parents almost followed me home lol. They were headed the same direction and I would lose them in traffic and they would catch up at all the lights.
 
 entertain me. lol
 
 love you toooo
 
 &lt;3 U
 
 idk
 
 I have issues walking and driving
 
 I'm too tired to do it
 
 you also stopped riding the bike
 
 apparently I gained 10 lbs from the last time I was at the crazy doctors
 
 Who knows.. 
 
 maybe your anemic. or depressed....
 
 doesn't matter how much I sleep anymore
 
 I'm always tired.
 
 lol happens
 
 grr I'm tired..
 
 morning :)
 
 eh she looks fine to me
 
 she's starting to put weight on again
 
 Yeah no its done up katey
 
 not necessarily pin up though. I dont know whatever
 
 let alone 'pin up katey'
 
 no clue. it doesnt really look like 'katey' 
 
 the black and white one is cute
 
 but the fuck is the face she is making in like three of them
 
 i havent had time to look long day
 
 not sure if I like Katey's new pinup pictures
 
 we all knew he was thats why we decided to put the net up but then we just never got around to it
 
 I told her he was going to fall
 
 so I put the netting along the bottom of the damn stairs.
 
 he fell from right in front of the bathroom cause he landed at the bottom of the stairs on the tile. 
 
 she was just freaking holding him. So I checked him over while they both calmed down
 
 no broken bones
 
 no cuts
 
 no obvious bruises or sore spots
 
 yeah she heard the thump and booked it then I heard her go OMG! and shreik
 
 and I'm not sure if I like katey's new pictures... Hmm...
 
 (oh and katey isn't coming over today
 
 did Elise see it?
 
 lol 
 
 Riley just tooki a header down from the top of the stairs and is miraculously fine
 
 you online?
 
 BTW I lost my phone so uh......yeah see you whenever you get home
 
 ok. Mwah
 
 gonna go ttyl &lt;3
 
 lol
 
 no katey did you weirdo. Shes demonica
 
 you posted that bisexual post on confused soul didn' t you ? ROFL ;)
 
 mwah
 
 kk
 
 ttyl &lt;3 ya
 
 I gotta get ready to go get the brat child
 
 and you cant even argue abouyt it cause we need gas and have no fucking money for it
 
 im already gonna be about 140 negative after I get our gas. which means next child support payment gets zeroed out
 
 you know it too
 
 lol Id try
 
 i dont think they would let you go that far negative
 
 you can deal with the rest of it because you know me. My bank account would just be massively negative and everything would be paid
 
 alright well I will cover gas and we will have  a little cash for necessitys like drano lol
 
 or something liek that
 
 skim the electric
 
 so its like 90% paid
 
 we'll have to figure it out. 
 
 thats 1597 right there
 
 do we have neough money to do that? I thought you wer eonly getting like 1300
 
 and pay it on the first
 
 and skip the tint payment (that is supposed to come out on the 20th)
 
 97 or whatever to tint
 
 650 to electric
 
 on the 15th
 
 what? I meant pay 850 to mortgage
 
 we have to pay it now
 
 and we are already two weeks late
 
 yeah but its not like we are going to have 1297 dollars to give them on the first
 
 which is already gonna be like 1500 dollars we dont have
 
 we cant go without a house or electricity
 
 because we have to pay like 450 on the mortgage on the first also
 
 and pay it on the first
 
 then skip the next payment
 
 
 
 i dont know
 
 you can do whatever you think is best. I know that we have to pay the electric and the morgage
 
 pay whats due. 
 
 tint
 
 for which one?
 
 we can always just do 100
 
 then call them and pay again on the first
 
 electric is like 650
 
 mortgage is 847 and tint will be like 97 now
 
 and like 97 on the 20th.. 
 
 which doesnt quite add up
 
 nope used it all on the tub. So even if I pay for both of us to fill our tanks tomorrow and pull out the like 60-0 dollars I can pull. Thats still leaving us with the electric
 
 the morgage
 
 the tint 
 
 do we have any draino?
 
 no
 
 the other one is probably fucked because it over flowed. This probably contributed but it isnt flooding near as much as the other washer did even without me fucking with it
 
 did we buy a washer for no reason?
 
 so is the other one still fine?
 
 found out why the washer is still flooding. The drain is clogged partially. So it drains slow and overflows. Need to either find a way to buy draino and hope it works or take it apart tonight and hope its the trap thats clogged and that I can clean it out right quick
 
 can you start some macoroni
 
 I'm heading home for lunch now. Please? :) love you. text in a minute or two when I get to the car. 
 
 I'm booored. lol
 
 not working lol
 
 have her in her room going to bed
 
 been screaming for about 40 minutes now
 
 friggen saundra is losing her shit
 
 yeah lol yeah totally take leae because your bored. That makes sense lol
 
 you online?
 
 I'm so bored I want to tak eleave tomororow
 
 MWAH!
 
 love you too deary. 
 
 I sorrx i loves ya. 
 
 now I'm bored... 
 
 Grr tummy
 
 love you ttyl deary
 
 Imma go...ttyl &lt;3
 
 My stomach is killing me. Like a million times worse than normal. Its pissed. and I still have to drive adam to school right now. Fun fun fun 
 
 I'm still dizzy ish
 
 fuck 
 
 I dont feel so good
 
 shes watched the kids exactly once for fourty minutes cause it was pouring rain when the kids got out of school. and I literally talked shit about the situation as I walked out the door so its not like she didnt know I wasnt happy about it
 
 uh no. I really dislike using her for anything
 
 lol make elise get them. lol
 
 cause Im ust like grrr need smokers
 
 Im gonna steal moms card and tell her its for gas and get me a smokers
 
 Rofl I havent  woken her up yet but Ive watched into her like fifteen times I swear when I get up at one am to grab something.
 
 she's super dead when she's woken up
 
 I was afraid she was going to fall down the stairs. lol
 
 yeah she does that a lot
 
 I wonke up Elise when I got up ROFL. (she fell asleep on the couch. lol
 
 uh huh yeah
 
 no cigs
 
 runny nose and ive been up for thirty minutes plus good my ass
 
 gooooood morning
 
 and if it was about billy then it wouldn't have asked kris if he was billy lol
 
 no clue.. 
 
 someone just went by moms house looking for me. Nice car suit and a bunch of papers that had a case number on them. Kris said they asked him how old he was and if he was "bill" who the fuck is bill? the only bill I know is my son...billy
 
 I got the song stuck in my head
 
 ? love you.. but thats weird. lol
 
 My love is purer then the snowflakes that fall in late december and honest as a robin on a spring time window sill and longer then the song of a whipperwill.
 
 not really
 
 i just pick up random shit when we run out
 
 so we dont need to do any grocery shopping?
 
 we arent buying anything. we have plenty of food right now. The only thing goind on on the fifteenth is the morgage gas and the electric bill. no coupons for that
 
 hey hun
 
 make me a shopping list for the 15th
 
 so I can look for coupons. 
 
 wish you were getting out of work nowish. Im too fucking lazy to get the kids lol
 
 You invited her you deal with her crappy sense of other peoples shit
 
 kill if fucks with painting
 
 No nnt my job i aint her mom.she just let him play with ynur painting then swept the crumbs from my couch to floor fucking twelve
 
 then say something. 
 
 She is driving me nuts. Leaving dirty diapers every where kids shoes on table letting him run around the house with fucking crackers. I spend all day running around behind her cleaning up
 
 and i dont feel guilty cause she was supposed to pay us mikeys damn cell phone anyways
 
 yep
 
 we will tell mom it was 100.00 and thats 20 for us bwahahahaha
 
 yes yes porfavor
 
 so yes or no?
 
 the washing machine is 80$ obo
 
 well contact them. Im in the middle of cleaning but just message them or somethign. Let me know. Ill check back in in a bit. Love ya
 
 (if they have it sell it)??
 
 they said on the comments they would sell seperately
 
 and the dryer was 80$ so the washers probably the same
 
 if they have it sell it lol
 
 I have the cash from mom its 100.00 is all we got
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151162722699868&amp;set=o.404965616197414&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf washing machine.. if you mum wants to buy. lol
 
 safeway $2.89 each\nRusset Potatoes\n10lb bag Limit 1\nExpires: 10/7/2012 
 
 love you too
 
 &lt;3
 
 I friggen have a headache from hell
 
  I dont care
 
 you do it
 
 *SODA -Fry's for nikki (4 for 10 12pcks)
 
 Safeway for Phillip (3.49 safeway 24pck cola)\n*baby food\n*baby snacks\n*diapers\n*formula\n*pasta \n*pasta sauce Frys (hunts canned red sauce 91cents each or 11$ a case)\nI think Safeway is cheaper on white sauce\n*bread\n*snack foods\n*chips\n*chili\n*hotdogs  Safeway\n*beans\n*canned or frozen veggies Fry's\n*meat Fry's (chicken 1.88$ lb boneless breasts)
 
 and .. you need to log into the safeway account (password is elfELF31f#!F  )  and print out the shopping list
 
 (it has some of the instore sales) its under 'our store' look up our zip code
 
 then pick the one on golflinks
 
 and click view list on the left side of the screen
 
 emailed you allist of the added coupons on the Safeway card
 
 so you get more giong to frys
 
 or a 20pack for 5
 
 safe way is 3 for 10
 
 4   12 packs for 10$
 
 soda is cheaper at Fry's 
 
 50cents each as opposed to Safeways 80cents
 
 Canned food is cheaper at Fry's right now
 
 http://frysfood.mywebgrocer.com/Circular/FRYS-034/000341948/Weekly/0/1
 
 http://www.kelloggs.com/en_US/coupon.html
 
 not sur eif there are any mor eleft
 
 but .. that would be cool. lol
 
 http://www.raininghotcoupons.com/hot-libbys-coupons-canned-vegetables-only-0-35-more/
 
 fun fun
 
 love you too. Gotta go get shit done. fuck duck and shit
 
 smile! I looov eyou babe
 
 I feel like poop popp poop poop poop
 
 me too
 
 Im fucking tired
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 today sucks balls
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 kids all needed shower this morning and every single one of them flipped shit this morning. Then adam just about had me beating him cause he was being an asshole moving the table
 
 hitting people
 
 calling them names and crying non stop. Then friggen billys been throwing fits
 
 then I didnt have my damn card and now I feel like crap and I still have to go do shit
 
 Sorr today has sucked
 
 lol
 
 I was just saying I saw that they were 3 dollars a flat
 
 I dont know
 
 it looks okay. We dont need eggs just bought a flat
 
 look at it for me and see what you see hun
 
 emailed you the safeway list
 
 and the case is 30
 
 and safeway is like 2.50$ for 18 eggs currently
 
 
 
 3 dollars for the case of eggs
 
 look at that
 
 http://frysfood.mywebgrocer.com/Circular/FRYS-034/000341948/Weekly/0/1
 
 I'll load the card up with the online ones
 
 and look for printables
 
 ok
 
 which means i will be buying actual ddrp
 
 safeway because i have to drop mikey off later tonight anyway and safeway has a bigger selection of the sophie gerber munchies
 
 where are you planning on going shopping?
 
 SODA\nbaby food\nbaby snacks\ndiapers\nformula\npasta\npasta sauce\nbread\nsnack foods\nchips\nchili\nhotdogs\nbeans\ncanned or frozen veggies\nmeat\npretty much if you can find a coupon get it. save them to email if it looks like something we can use i can always print them out at moms or whatever
 
 I'm bored and feel like looking for coupons. HAHA
 
 put me a list of what you need to buy. lol
 
 maybe I'll ge tyou free stuff. lol
 
 okey dokey.. 
 
 Now i got to go shopping  tonight after everythhng is done 
 
 sorry
 
 I forgot it was in my wallet
 
 and I wanted to get baby stuff for sophie
 
 im outta soda
 
 i needed that
 
 you stole my fs card
 
 and its great since its FS anyways. ROFL
 
 I want to do it once. lol like 500$ for lless than 100 ROFL
 
 I dont have that kind of tuime. Look at that thing
 
 they spend like four hours a day couponing and planning their trips. I dont have that kind of patience
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k85JgLJs4eA&amp;feature=related  OH MY GOD!!!! SOOOOOO when are we doing this? lol
 
 Im confused
 
 Um aqent ynu already on base.
 
 have to be back on base at 430pm
 
 Before the hair change. (ifyou can see the picture)\n
 
 okey dokey
 
 she doesnt have enough to wait until saturday
 
 yay. Tomorrow I have to go get formula for sophia
 
 6pm bowling tomorrow
 
 lol
 
 its taking her forever to mush it
 
 rofl
 
 she only got one
 
 sophie does cause momy feel bad and spoil her lol
 
  :P
 
 who needs french fries
 
 and probably toast. 
 
 she likes puffs tooo
 
 :P
 
 well and you have to make sure it seals so she gets the meds which means you have to push it on hard
 
 not just let it sit there. poor baby. But shes happy right now. mommy is being stupid cause shes sick and gave her a french frie
 
 I hate stuff over my face. soI understand how she feels. 
 
 its so sad
 
 she doesnt like the inhaler one bit. it makes my heart hurt. I basically have to pin it to her face and let her cry for a min then take it off and do it again.
 
 poor baby...
 
 she probably caught a cold like billy and because4 she is my kid her lungs are crappy. So it just went poof same as how billys cold turned into chronic asthma attacks. same thing happened when rene was little. People in my family have crap lungs as kids then slowly outgrow it
 
 do they know why she got sick?
 
 poor baby..
 
 because she is developing bronchitis from the cough. I have to make a follow up appt for next week and she gets two puffs every four hours while she is awake
 
 why does sophia have an inhaler?
 
 you are a grown ass man. there is no fucking reason for your plate your cup your clothes and your damn shoes to be taking up my living room\n
 
 wtf
 
 ?
 
 Sophia now has an inhaler
 
 cause I need it
 
 so you should bring it back to me
 
 hey kinda need the van soon
 
 my kids usually do pretty good. rene was allergic to the cheap shit lol even at birth she had high standads 
 
 adam and saundra were allergic to every brand but cheap
 
 lol dumbass
 
 I hope not cause we got a damn 132 count of huggies. Apparently Kris insisted that shenot get the cheap diapers I use because he hates them and they suck lol
 
 weirdo.. hopefully sophia doesnt have a reaction. lol
 
 lol
 
 \\upside i have four two liters of ddp
 
 mom said shed buy me diapers and pop. brand name pop and a box of huggies. bitch spent lik thirty on something that should have cost like 8.
 
 ok. I'm paying them on the first. and thank you \n:D
 
 You need to call TEP before the 5th to set up payments or they will shut off the electricity. I put the paper ontop of the printer
 
 uh huh sute
 
 love you
 
 i don tgwhanna im toi tirded and crayz and annoygine and want to just go to the thing and whish the ids were home already cause this is nanoying and i just want to sleep but no i have to go to mos then adam then moms then home and i dont wannt o and why in hell cant the ys just teleport my children home
 
 umm... lol breath... and MWAH
 
 cjuaWs ths fru gtlo hafr aoln it taes i hade tdef drive
 
 ljsdfoivnodsudrhjkgrjioernmlsdfhumhbhjjjklsdggsdjhjioeruiojkm
 
zolslr
 
 a;oeisvgi
 
 aevguiohasvgkjsneavn
 
 \\aoeisrjkvgfiojvgfr
 
 fereak azonind on;adj;foij;oija;lsdkj;ovijpawiohedfnv]o0vgi
 
 Yup
 
 my names ducky
 
 yep that is what it is
 
 yup yup yup
 
 uh huh huh huh no
 
 yup yup yup yup
 
 uh huh no
 
 I'm sorry hun. MWAH!  I love you.. you.. you... :D
 
 grr almost time for hell
 
 lol wow... weirdo
 
 I like snakes better than lizards also nocause you want it and ti dont like you 
 
 you in a snake mood? lol
 
 no
 
 what about that chinese water dragon we saw at the lizard store? :D
 
 darn. :P lol
 
 no
 
 lol you dont want a bearded dragon?
 
 ugh i like snakes
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/photo.php?fbid=3381984999875&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;theater
 
 kk
 
 hes gone hes out with mom doing things and stuff cause I said I deidnt want to go for a errand run with the kids. I think. I think that I should ask mom if she can pick them up but I dont know if she will and Im not to sure that mike is picking up rene which just makes it confusing and I dont know what the hell is going on right now. Imma go watch bones. I need to sit or sleep or something
 
 and him drive you and the kids to get the kids. ROFL
 
 lol then make kris come over. lol
 
 I cant cause you know
 
 pick up the kids in 1 and 45 minutes etc
 
 wow.. go have a drink. lol
 
 exactly I think. I was trying to figure out how to make a penis cause i wanted to send you a penis smilie emoticon and couldnt figure out if the 8 or the ~ would go first cause it goes 8==D ~ and for some reason I wanted to type it ~D==8 because it would look the way it was suppost to cause the thing you know I dont know
 
 lol wow.. backwards or sdrawrof
 
 I just forgot how to tye for a minute. I couldnt remember if you had to type it backwards or forwards for the words to come out right. I m still not sure I just kinda had to conventrate on tnot gnikihth about it
 
 &lt;(")  &lt;--- Penguin!
 
 i love you troo ass face lol
 
 I looooooooove you :D
 
 huh
 
 pssst...
 
 weird. lol  
 
 yes very and poofy very fpoofy
 
 lol odd... 
 
 my lips are swollen. I look like damn angelina jolie
 
 lol
 
 i just dont want to deal with his whining
 
 lol well he can suck it up. lol
 
 or me speciically
 
 we have no fucking money to pay him so sucks to be us
 
 well he owes money
 
 so sucks to be him
 
 I dont know. Ill think about calling him. Hes kind of an ass about that shit though
 
 exactly
 
 all kris has to do is watch tv. lol
 
 Especially since they get out at 140 today is gonna be a bitch. No naps lol
 
 I usually shalt them both up since if doesnt get off work till 230ish and kris will bitch its almost not worth it 
 
 since rene is going with mike
 
 he just watch kids whil eyou pick up adam
 
 I dont want to deal with that. He wont help with anything
 
 make kris come over
 
 except possibly picking up the kids since you know no real choice
 
 i feell like none of this will happen
 
 I have to find the energy to clean
 
 make lunch
 
 figure out what we are having for dinner pick up the kids then make dinner. 
 
 fun fun fun
 
 and I have to go to the med center in a bit to set up my testing
 
 and working.. 
 
 I'm bored.. 
 
 ahh... I'm sorry hun
 
 same as always my stomach and im tired as all hell
 
 whats wrong hun?
 
 ugh I should clean but im not gonna i feel like death
 
 boredom.. 
 
 fine ill contact my family. Im not getting branded a bad parent cause you dont want to ask
 
 fuck it
 
 everyone is selling those damn books. 
 
 ask your people if they want an entertainment book. Apparently I am now selling them as a fundraiser for adam
 
 because you know adam and all other kindergarteners are completely capable of selling shit on their own and it takes absoloutely no involvemnt on the part of their parents or in our case their (stepmotherly person who is losing her fucking mind)
 
 fun fun.. 
 
 im waitnin for bubba to put his shoes on
 
 kiddos and stuff. and stuff. 
 
 just about that time. 
 
 your all ill help
 
 your sick and shit and then you dont help and I bitch at you and you dont help and then you bring useless women and their offspring over to make more mess and pain in the ass but no your gonna help cause im sick. 
 
 and there to you too
 
 so there
 
 well its true
 
 shes not making my life easier
 
 in fact more difficult
 
 :P  :P :P :P :P :P :P :P
 
 &lt;3
 
 see
 
 useless
 
 and I cant take her and her kid with me not enough room int he van. so she not very useful in fact no useful at all
 
 no no nono she no be used to do anything that involves the watching or the watching or the watching 
 
 lol
 
 then she can go get the kids. regardless gives you a break
 
 I dont want her watching my kids
 
 or.. she watches the kids while you go.
 
 that one day of asspain
 
 fixes the rest of the year. 
 
 thatd be a bitch too. Cause in order to do that both you and I have to go down to the school and add her to both the pick up lists and introduce her to the fucking teachers
 
 make Elise go and get them ROFL
 
 well like a week and a half. 
 
 well couple weeks then it will be easier. 
 
 I just fucking hate this part
 
 dropping them off is no big. Picking them up
 
 total bitch as pain in the fucking ass
 
 I know
 
 I'm sorry babe. I can't help today... 
 
 also have you tried carrying sophie while trying to wrangle the other four? Its a bitch
 
 I will invest in sunscreen and possibly a parasole
 
 also
 
 deciding that this winter I am going to attempt to get goth pale. so that my body is all one color
 
 and Ive been feeling like shit
 
 attempting to not vomit. thats what Ive been doing. All day
 
 Its not like I can park in the parking lot
 
 I dont wanna go pack up all the kids
 
 unpack the kids
 
 haul them down a block and a half
 
 pick up two more kids then repeat by packing five kids up
 
 ? you dont wanna what?
 
 So what have you been doing hun?
 
 yeah she has an air compressor
 
 I dont have any change and the front driver tyre is super low
 
 does yor mom have an air pump for a car?
 
 bored. lol
 
 fun fun
 
 getting raedy to leave in line 10 minutes
 
 lol
 
 i killed the racoon. Its eyes bugged out and then it collapsed. poor racoon
 
 lol
 
 now I have to find another game
 
 bastards
 
 finally hit the limit on stealing lives
 
 wow... 
 
 you should be happy for me and my advert we are going to live happily ever after and shit
 
 lol okey dokey
 
 they let you play forever cause the wholle game is a giant advert but its a fun advert lol
 
 well its important i gots to gos
 
 ok.. lol
 
 remind me i need to go to the store tonigh
 
 I'm bored... lol
 
 well it is
 
 lmao lol
 
 its a bitch
 
 haha
 
 but its hard its wanna the ones with the spinner in the middle and the circle of bubbles that rotates when you hit them. so the damn thing is hard and if you miss the circle gets to big and then hits the sides and you lose
 
 lol
 
 uh huh
 
 addic
 
 it only took me 10 damn trys for the one fn evil level of doooom
 
 haha
 
 ive already "watched"like five adds
 
 there tdada i found a bubble game where i get more lives for watching ads.....this is bad
 
 okie dokie ill try
 
 I can't get to craigslist from here today for some reaosn
 
 go to craigslist and alter the post to say running
 
 ya. lol
 
 probably the radiator itself
 
 maybe something simple like the cap or a lose hose. I actually have to take the time to look at the damn thing
 
 and then figure out where the damn leak it
 
 yup
 
 lol
 
 and from now on remember to fill it before you leave the house
 
 good good
 
 I have the gallon of water in the back so that will help
 
 kk
 
 just fill it before you leave and remember to turn it off at the school
 
 and if you get here hten you can just take the van back
 
 lol it should
 
 thats cool
 
 fingers crossed that the car will make it there and home. lol
 
 I can take my lunch to go pick up the kids. 
 
 work stop being silly
 
 damn thing
 
 which thats the only one that will let me check my fb messages
 
 fucking explorer is being a bitch no
 
 yup
 
 you should cause having to walk up to get them with the other 3 is a bitch. if they would just come out to the car i wouldnt care
 
 but unhooking the rest
 
 carrying them
 
 then hooking back in 5 is a pain
 
 :P
 
 lol plus I dont think I can do it anyways.. I'll ask Sgt Littleton
 
 since I didn't take lunch if I can pick them up. 
 
 they would survive the damn ride home with seat belts and you want to make that excuse you just wait. Imma get money and buy like four more carseats and leave them in your trunk bwahahahahahasha
 
 whatever boosters blah blha
 
 yay'
 
 I have a gallon of water in the back seat so that will get me home
 
 and.. it overheated when I got here
 
 no seats
 
 can't pick up the kids in the cadi
 
 yeah I dont do...."other"
 
 no nude cleaning for now. he was just interested in the 'other' section'
 
 cause i said so
 
 grrrr you should so get off work at 230 so you can pick up the kids
 
 lol
 
 what else does" stop it your fucking my shit up dont do that &lt;3" mean
 
 i was like thats what the fuck i did....duh
 
 he was like you just had to say please
 
 rofl yeah cause thats practicle
 
 make him ride his little bike
 
 and buy you chocolate
 
 and bring it toyou 
 
 and that makes up for netflicks. lol
 
 he cant buy me chocolate
 
 don don? how hes not here
 
 make him buy it. lol
 
 lol
 
 also  I want twenty pounds of chocolate. why isnt it the first yet
 
 I bitched don don out for using your netflix cause it fucks the x box up in the am
 
 ok
 
 no no no no no and he fucks with me I chop them off
 
 so cleaning only?  no hj
 
 bj
 
 or sex? (jsut trying to get everything straight)  
 
 i really dont want to go hang out with a pervy little bastard who is going to be spending the entire time im naked trying to convince me to give him a bj
 
 yeah i guess
 
 did I interpret that right?
 
 so you would beu p for just the nude cleaning in about a week?
 
 and im all period time so i cant clean his house for like a week anyway
 
 Um....no and no
 
 this is what he sent
 
 kk hey sorry
 
 was busy then out of town for the weekend. Did you and your gf find anyone or make any money? did she change her mind what she is willing to do at all? \n\n
 
 internet is too annoying right now
 
 on my email
 
 the nude house cleaning wrote back again.. did you want to reply to him
 
 so they can't attack me and steal it
 
 that gets rid of my money
 
 yea.. thank you
 
 kk done
 
 buy weapons?
 
 scroll down click buy
 
 click armory
 
 its up still whadda want
 
 can you log into my Kings of Chaos account? :)
 
 lol
 
 they do. butthe have me redo it so reup my security clearance. 
 
 they are the government. they should have this info in a big file marked "Phillip" and shit
 
 they stupid heads
 
 and people that have known me at each adress
 
 because I have to put down addresses for the last 10 years
 
 and the fuck they need my damn info for?
 
 nixabee@aol.com
 
 6540 e 38th st tucson az 85730
 
 5202709386
 
 need it for my security clearance
 
 and your email?
 
 and your moms address
 
 whats your cell number?
 
 mwah
 
 love you rtoo steam rolling naive man
 
 love you weirdo
 
 lol
 
 and then I knife her
 
 and Im all Crap taste in people
 
 I have higher standards blah blah blah blah
 
 and your all blah people blah nice blah blah blah judgey
 
 I know I wont like her. I know you say Im too judgy but Im good at what I do. I can tell whos not worth my time. She isnt.
 
 if you get diagnosed with whatever.. who knows.. maybe you'll get disability. lol
 
 since you aren't working anymore
 
 if you two dont get along in person
 
 we'll help her get settled
 
 and find a place
 
 ok?
 
 your concept of budgeting  \nand would yiou prefer like I pretend I want elise here and like Im not going to hate her and want her to die. Or at the very least get the fuck out
 
 none of what?
 
 Idk none of it makes any sense to me
 
 yay lol
 
 (ish)
 
 soo.. if we dont want to go negative. we have like 1300$ to work with on this paycheck. 
 
 so who knows.. mayb eI am
 
 well I am getting tested. lol
 
 which makes me think you might be retarded...
 
 you always act like it surprises you I feel this way
 
 grr. :P
 
 elise whore no watch my babys. we discussed already
 
 and its just a weekend. 
 
 elise will be here. lol
 
 like we will ever have that much money or someone I trust with the kids
 
 it would be nice if we both go. :)
 
 and go to vegas I dont care but only cash with you
 
 fuck fuck fuck a duck screw a kangaroo
 
 boooooo
 
 like on the 1st
 
 shit.. we also owe like 180$ to DeVry
 
 and I figured I probably wont go to vegas .. .unless you wanted to go with me. 
 
 bowling starts friday
 
 lol
 
 mne
 
 shes like my wii
 
 sophie realy wants the damn wii
 
 sad face lol
 
 we have viruses
 
 but I can't find them without the program updated..
 
 so okay
 
 this whole browsers not doing what I want is annoying me
 
 so I can fix the computer
 
 its like 30$ at the BX
 
 well then we need to budget in  Spy Sweeper then. 
 
 hmm.. ok.. 
 
 I can log on
 
 but it wont load. The web browsers wont let me
 
 can you log on to it?
 
 yeah I have to sit and look at the bill and see whats what but as of now mom should pay 80.00
 
 ok.. so still 200 then?
 
 so thats like 80 dollars off that bill
 
 screw that moms payinhg us his
 
 haha
 
 well
 
 we have a free babysitter once now. lol
 
 lol
 
 thats how they do the charges stupid like and mom is going to yell at him/fix it
 
 and get mikey to stop downloading shit. lol
 
 so.. we need to figure out how we are getting 'partial charges' 
 
 idk lol
 
 the partial charge thingies
 
 that I told you about earlier
 
 oh okay
 
 maybe your 25.00 is part for your phone or something
 
 that was that monthly charges section
 
 and why do I have ten extra?
 
 you have 25.00 extra?
 
 add this
 
 and that will equal the 100$
 
 $10.00  $35.00  $25.00    you
 
 mikey
 
 me
 
 
 
 I will tell mom
 
 I didnt have any.
 
 so we shoudl try to kill that
 
 so who knows.. probably some of his games
 
 overage
 
 messageing
 
 payperuse
 
 etc..
 
 6.99 is me I bought tetris since Im stuck with this ass phone
 
 mikey has a 23.60 premium charge? for what the fuck
 
 so that was part of the 100$
 
 overage
 
 payperuse
 
 etc..
 
 those were Use charges
 
 PREMIUM SERVICES  $6.99  $23.60   you. mikey
 
 cause that diet coke tastes like ass
 
 and Imma drink some of your soda
 
 and shit
 
 so ther
 
 but you only talk to me for like 2 min on the phone so Ill get your jello and talk to telemarketers and marissa for like an hour...cause your mean :P
 
 uh huh I know
 
 I dont like talking. 
 
 cause I actually talk on the phone to Katey and my mom and you. You talk to me
 
 marissa once a week.....and the occasional telemarketer...
 
 so :P
 
 you ahve like 200 more talky minutes than I do. :P
 
 you text what 6x more a month than I do....
 
 seriously when I bitch that all you do ALL DAY when your home is text bitches....im not lying
 
 I didn't think I could pull out 6K in a month
 
 I'm impressed. ROFL
 
 serious issue
 
 mikey doesnt text and you have issues
 
 6119 me
 
 184 mikeuy
 
 1680 you
 
 why
 
 if you look at txt messages its fucking hysterical
 
 the only thing I see on there is that you and mikey might have possibly gone over the "unlimited" dat streaming
 
 289 or that "due immediately"
 
 yeap
 
 ouchies... 
 
 like 20 here and 20 there and shit for the stupd unlimited instead of as one full charge
 
 Amount due\n9/15/12 $597.16 
 
 oh.. ok.. 
 
 no those are all part of the normal bill. I wont be able to tell until I look at it. cause they break it down really weird
 
 Total New Charges\naccount $108.05 \nyou- $49.62 \nmikey-$96.24 \nme- $59.09 \ntotal- $313.00  
 
 is where the charges come from
 
 whatever these are.. 
 
 Partial charge for Value Fam UNL T&amp;T BTS Promo from 8/04/12 to 8/22/12 
 
 Partial charge for UNLMin$25 til 1/2/14 then $20 from 8/04/12 to 8/22/12 
 
 Partial charge for Premium 5GB SMHS Value from 8/04/12 to 8/22/12 
 
 Partial charge for Plus 2GB Data Value from 8/04/12 to 8/22/12 
 
 then you click on veiw my bill
 
 5202709386 number and Wright123 password
 
 tmobile.com
 
 whats the site?
 
 no. Id say check it at work but I dont know if you can get on the site
 
 wow.. 100?  I dont use anything except cupid
 
 web
 
 facebook. pandora.. but that shouldn't matter shoudl it?
 
 once it lapsed is when we started having issues
 
 100.00 not 10.00
 
 we need to buy spysweeper again
 
 tmobile site is down so I cant check the usage to figure out why its got an extra 10.00
 
 stupid internet
 
 ok.. hit me up when you get back in
 
 we for got that.. 
 
 oh... window tint
 
 going outside now cause computer isnt loading for shit anyways
 
 yeah just checked phone its 284.00
 
 100 to your mom\n100 to marissa's gparents\n50 to marissa
 
 then if we can swing it
 
 (which we can't) but../
 
 thats about right. I can do the gas bill lol
 
 so...\nvs-50\nStar-50\nCapital one- 50 (or 25)\nWater- 160\nGas- 60\ncox-225 (min like 120)\nElectric-500 (try to do 300)\nTitle deed- 85\nmortgage - 850 (try for 425-500)\nphone- 200 \ncar gas- 75(first two weeks)\ncar insurance -like 90\n
 
 did i miss anything
 
 car gas\ncar insurance
 
 Victorias secret card\ncapital one\nstar card\nwater    160\ngas 60\ncox  225\nelectric  500\ntitle deed thing 85\nmorgage 850ish\nphone 200\n
 
 I'll try to get a bill list
 
 fine hold on
 
 have fun
 
 ok
 
 ohh.. 
 
 imma go play outside with the kids &lt;3 ttyl 
 
 so.. since you are there. write up a list of bills. 
 
 explorer is the only one that lets me check my messages. And the pentagram below it lol
 
 all elements are represented in the wings. lol
 
 lol think so?
 
 so I have to use two browsers.
 
 shes obviously wiccan lol
 
 ya
 
 eh I dont mind the design
 
 but I just dont like the style they did it in...if that makes sense
 
 cause im only gonna have liek 80 in my account and we need dish soap and trash bags and shampoo etc
 
 hmm...
 
 interesting tattoo. not sure if I like it or not...
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=427038647343107&amp;set=a.140208339359474.16798.140021379378170&amp;type=1
 
 lol
 
 then I cant pay for crap. 
 
 lets try to keep you from Neg.. 
 
 cause either one is gonna negative my account
 
 cox is due the thirtieth but if we pay the hundred past due we might be able to cover  the rest the fifteenth. I cant do gas and water
 
 one or the other on the first lol
 
 just need to look at the rest of the stuff
 
 gas and water you can pay
 
 or I can pay on the first.. 
 
 gas water due the 29th of this month lol I can probably cover the gas bill
 
 hmm.... we'll have to figure out what is due on the 15th or later. lol
 
 not counting car gas
 
 1750
 
 ouch.. lol
 
 soo..\n500+300+85+180+225+60+160+90+50+50+50
 
 gas is 60.00 cox 225 ish waters like 160
 
 title company 85 bucks
 
 gas and water
 
 cell phone bill
 
 so.. like 500 to the mortgage
 
 300 to the electric
 
 pay the insurance
 
 gas
 
 VS
 
 STAR
 
 Capital 
 
 yay
 
 just think... couple more days till billpayday and food
 
 she's in a mooooooood to say the least. .
 
 and owes like 300$ for her liscense plus the new fees and has court in september
 
 oh.. well apparently calling Katey babe now irritates her. lol she's in a mooood
 
 Nothing
 
 Im just cranky and affectionate all at once\n
 
 what did I do this time?
 
 what did I do this time?
 
 morning pain in my butt
 
 morning
 
 Katex  just ledt she will be there soon
 
 ok me or katey will head out in a minute
 
 you can come get me now. :)
 
 sorry I haves no control ove that
 
 grrr... I wanna leave... 
 
 kk. 
 
 Let me knnw when to pick u up
 
 ok. loveyou
 
 giong back to being cranky
 
 you know what
 
 i retract that
 
 and if katey socks yuou in the face or kicks you in the balls its on you. Your a grown ass man
 
 figure your own shit out. Dont give me that whole "mental breakdown" crap. Guess what? Been there
 
 done that
 
 doing it now
 
 suck it up or shut up.
 
 we dont need formula right now. And no you didnt tell me you were cranky. Must have me confused with someone else. And if you were capable of listening to anything anyone said there wouldnt have to be stupid ass rules. Ill talk to you later
 
 gonna go vomit now
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4531008757816&amp;set=o.404965616197414&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 6 cans of similac advance. They don't expire until feb 2015. We bought when we didn't know if breastfeeding was going to work. They sell for apx $12 a can. All 6 for $50.00.\n
 
 Todl you I was tired and cranky
 
 i'm tired and cannot randomly connect the dots applying to where I am not 'allowed' to go in my house
 
 sure.. yep thats what itis.. 
 
 your an idiot
 
 um.. ok.. good thing I dont do laundry
 
 Im just informing you
 
 ?
 
 You are no longer allowed down stairs unless dealing with the children
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=4389629629092&amp;set=o.404965616197414&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf\n6 bottles of nail polish for 5$ (I think you would like it
 
 its got skulls on the bottles
 
 and is a couple neon colors
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3218712335.html\nXbox 360 console only - $55 (Nw)\n\n--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgd/3189139713.html\nXBOX 360 PACKAGE DEAL - $78 (NW)\n\n--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n
 
 ____________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3220102681.html\nxbox 350 40$ - $40 (dm afb)\n
 
 -------------
 
 xbox
 
 two controllers
 
 and coords
 
 75$  
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3220292210.html   
 
 ________
 
 150$
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/vgm/3220401440.html (xbox and extra's)
 
 I KNEW IT!  told you HAHA
 
 heading to go pee now. lol 
 
 Sucks for you but makes timing easier for me
 
 but I'm not dont here yet
 
 I have to finish here. .. walk to the urinalysis place
 
 pee
 
 then I'm done
 
 so I wont be done by three. 
 
 I have a pee test today.. woooo
 
 Ok
 
 kateys going to talk to svetlonna for me. 
 
 Well i gotta be back to the house at three for billys gpamdma so we will have to figure it out them
 
 it should be before too long
 
 I hope
 
 I dont know right now.. I have to wait until everything 'finishes' so I can finish my product and leave.. 
 
 Are you getting out at two thirty or an i coming back for you after four?
 
 ok.. I'll see what he says.. 
 
 Nude cleaning nothing else
 
 so ar eyou interested in or not? I can tell him you will be interested in the nude cleaning and that
 
 or possibly that
 
 or not that...
 
 Im nnt a honker
 
 its 80$ for very little work
 
 and I think you might actually think he's attractive. 
 
 I think its not necessary i got said today and we will be getting five hundred no friday 
 
 and might be getting 40-80 for me tonight.. 
 
 I'm not trying to make you.. jsut trying to find ways to make everything better now.. and I'm looking just as much as you
 
 I really dont want to be a hooker
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3218174337.html  massage for a guy (probably happy ending wanted.. if you wanted to look
 
 they ask what you would charge..)
 
 he's more into the sexual side of it. and the cleaning wouldn't be today.. and he wanted.. like celaning
 
 that ended with a HJ or a BJ.. so i fyou wanted that. I could talk to him about future times. but tonight he basically wants a BJ for 80$  and he lives on east side
 
 If rather clean his house i got 130 today
 
 tonight 
 
 and would pay that for a bj
 
 but he only really has 80$ available for tonight
 
 well if you are interested in the sex I can ask.. 
 
 Of work
 
 I guess i really would rather fuck someone them give a 25  i suck at bj
 
 damn women
 
 always getting more than what I get offered. lol
 
 not the best idea.. but its decent money.. 
 
 He said he would pay 80$ for a bj (without the cleaning) tonight.. what do you think?
 
 sent you his picture on your email
 
 so what would you possibly lik e(if you are interested)   money wise
 
 for a bj and about an hour of nude cleaning. ?
 
 guy wants to know what you would charge for a bj? possibly with nude cleaning?
 
 he had someone write him about cleaning for an hour with a bj at the end for 120$
 
 obviously he wants more.. but I told him that was up to me and you
 
 would be extra
 
 and wouldn't happen for at least the first two cleans. and is up to you.. and if hemakes any moves before previously discussed
 
 that it wont happen
 
 he sent a picture of him so you can see if you are interested in cleaning..
 
 kk
 
 When i get home i will
 
 when you get a check look at the emails
 
 the guy LIKES your picture (the nude standing one) 
 
 I posted asking for him to email HAHA
 
 LOOVE you and I got the nude cleaning guy to email me. HAHA
 
 &lt;3 
 
 ok
 
 Ulcers
 
 does she mean the ulcers or does she still think you are sick?
 
 It hurts so bad. And ayla wants to see if i will get better so in not quit
 
 brb
 
 MWAH!
 
 I didn't have you take me to work
 
 becuase you had to get up for work also.. I'm sorry
 
 I gave you a kiss
 
 but didn't wnat to wake you all the way up. 
 
 I lov eyou
 
 Whats wrong babe
 
 Today sucks i just want to cry
 
 hey babe
 
 Mwah
 
 I'm getting ready to post asking them to contact me. lol
 
 Maybe i dont know
 
 did I message you his stuff before?
 
 boo... 
 
 now I can't email him
 
 damn... someone flagged the nude house cleaner
 
 and  the pay is a lot better for the nude cleaning. lol
 
 Maybe get a hold of him. I have to tell bruce and byla to start looking for someone else. I cant keep this up
 
 the nude housecleaning wasn't set times
 
 so like when you feel ok during the week. from what it sounded like..
 
 I amtjd barely get out me bed this morning i can barely drive. Or stand up straight.
 
 Your not hearing me
 
 I can go meet the nude house cleaner peson withyou
 
 And problem. If i feel like crap ill still have to work. In deteriorating babe
 
 theres that nude house cleaning
 
 ribs?lol
 
 Ribs we can take even when i feel like crap cause i dont have to do much lol
 
 Just cause i never know when in going to have a flare up working is difficult
 
 we can keep looking for stuff like that..
 
 I wish i could just sell pics or something
 
 she still gets out of LV and you get to stay home.
 
 we can have you stay home and have Elise get a job when she gets down here and help with a rent payment
 
 etc... 
 
 I dont know hun..  I really dont.. 
 
 Im gonna throw up. This hurts so bad phillip. What the hell am i gonna do? We need the money
 
 mwah
 
 and just think.. we are going to eat like kings on the first. ROFL\n
 
 hmm.. well you need to go to the doc then
 
 give me ulcer meds and pain killers. Thats pretty much it. Because of the other stuff I cant take the immune suppresants
 
 I'm sorry babe... anything the doctors can do?
 
 My stomach is cramping like a bitch and I have to spend all day pretending it doesnt hurt so they wont send me home
 
 If I had a choice I wouldnt get out of bed today
 
 And there isnt anything to do about it.
 
 My stomach is getting bad
 
 Im going to have to quit my job soon
 
 I'm bored...
 
 lol
 
 I didn't get introuble.. wow
 
 Fun
 
 I forgot today was monday.. this will be interesting when they come in. .. 
 
 so i went back asleep
 
 and said im up 
 
 cause you wiggled
 
 uh huh you did
 
 yours
 
 didn't feel it. lol
 
 so not my fault
 
 i poked you when the second alarm went off
 
 and I woke up about 5 minutes before I was supposed to be here. lo
 
 no.. the second alarm I set didn't go off
 
 or didn't wake me up..  
 
 last thing I remember is the alarm going off and me poling you awake. If you didnt wake up...well not myfault
 
 Lazy 
 
 im just going to mock you incessantly for being full of it.
 
 no more internet my butt
 
 des
 
 Text
 
 liver you too and thats what you get for texting girls all day
 
 now you dont have any battery left for me :(
 
 No more internet.. Less than half battery mwah liver you babe
 
 Im going to have a stroke. And when we somehow get an extra bit of money the VAN really needs a tune up. Its running so much better right now though just from stripping and cleaning the cables. I should try that with the Caddi if I get the chance this weekend. Piss Don off if I can fix the thing
 
 Ouch
 
 been on hold 45 minutes
 
 DES is killing me
 
 :P
 
 you should stop offering women money we dont have
 
 kris is waiting for you 
 
 got the tub and sink done
 
 now all thats left is to take the toilet off and hope to god that all I need to do is replace the seals
 
 thats not random
 
 period. lol
 
 no one else is working
 
 I'm the only NTI here.
 
 cuz i gotta go to the AA tonight..
 
 take a lunch and hope they are back or there is something to do?
 
 lol
 
 I dont know
 
 do whatever lol
 
 literally nothing
 
 but there is nothing to do. 
 
 but I dont want to leave and get in trouble. lol
 
 its weird.. theres no one here. 
 
 kk 
 
 just call kris dork face lol
 
 I guess I can stay here.. :'(  lol
 
 if you need a ride home right the fuck now youd have to call him
 
 why?
 
 just elft
 
 but Kahlen wanted to stay and do nap time with the kids so hes gonna come back at two
 
 kris still at the house?
 
 mwah
 
 Dont judge me and my phone. Grr my stomach hurts.
 
 but it kinda sucks..
 
 wow.. well at least you dont need kris...
 
 They dont want me to work tomorrow just in case
 
 this is like reading a foreign language. lol
 
  you shoudl read your messages when you get home. lol
 
 Well pain in my cps
 
 bubble babies...
 
 wow..
 
 If was so paranoid i was sick if wouldn let me go in the house
 
 lol  was bruce there?
 
 Try explaining stress ulcer to russian first time mom with bad english
 
 you feeling any better?
 
 ohh bab.. I'm sorry..
 
 Threw up sent me home
 
 ??
 
 tgpdw= showed?    sent me good=sent me home
 
 ?
 
 Tgpdw up and they sent me good didnt believe me its  ulcer from stress
 
 I love you so damn tgred
 
 i love you babe and im sorry...
 
 I love you very much.  Im sorry about this i m just so mad we are in one more sticky situation that could have been avoided. Now im going to attempt to avoid it as long as i can
 
 love you hun
 
 Hate my job
 
 K
 
 ok.. there is 5 on the credit card
 
 Car is bogging have to get gas five on credit card.
 
 water bill 145.35 due by the 29th
 
 gas bill 58.13 due by the 29tgh
 
 yes yes it does. And to be honest I dont think I am getting paid till closer to the thirtieth. Which is annoying. Ill have about 60 dollars left over on friday. Thats it. 
 
 this paycheck sucks..
 
 I haven't eaten either..
 
 its annoying
 
 and I have no fucking food to take to work so I can you know...eat 
 
 I have two smokes left
 
 Im almost out of gas
 
 its onlyat 299 but I think it is lower then it should be. 
 
 which is fucking annoying cause that means I can pester him for cash
 
 he has 28.00 in his account
 
 nothing else
 
 tell kris to give you damn gas money now. 
 
 the fuck
 
 seriously
 
 who the hell swipes the friggin money from their grandmother? 
 
 200 friggen + dollars in about a damn day and a half
 
 well now we know how he had money
 
 dumbass. wtf was he thinking?
 
 especially since kris swiped like 200+ dollars from grandmas account
 
 moms outta cash I already asked
 
 maybe
 
 fuck tht might be enough to get us through tomorrow
 
 we have5 dollars on the credit card thats it
 
 do we have any money left on the creit card we are god? ng to run out of gas. also fucking keyboard s flipping out
 
 lol
 
 Crazy people they feed their one year olds baby food
 
 How is the babysitting going hun?
 
 Stripping masseuse/masseurs (nude)\n\nPlease be fit
 
 female
 
 18-24
 
 35+
 
 attractive and reliable.\n\nA knowledge of Japanese/Swedish/ Tantric techniques a big plus but not required.\n\nCollege students/recent grads encouraged to apply.\n\nClientele/ are upscale and require that you present accordingly.\n\nSend pics
 
 background info
 
contact # \n\nPay TBD
 
 the second one is Erotica Models Wanted\n
 
 ________
 
 Compensation: $500-$750 per scene \n
 
 currently seeking 2-3 adult females for a amateur video. The shoots can range from solo 
 
 guy
 
girl or girl on girl .. depending on your comfort level
 
 and rate of pay .\nPlease be between 18-20
 
 great personality
 
 girl next door types
 
 not shy and willing to learn and take directions well\nlooking for all body types and races.\nYou must send face image 
 
non-nude
 
 and nude body images
 
 also please describe yourself
 
 a current phone number and best time to contact you \n
 
 lol the first one is looing for females for porn basically
 
 Cant check on phone
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3201978587.html
 
 there you go. ;) hahah
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3201982208.html
 
 mwah love you have fun
 
 Of to work. Love you
 
 lol
 
 pain in my ass
 
 I m impressed
 
 she got her arms and head over
 
 Soph just tried to climb up the side of the living room 
 
 fine for five hundred dollars Ill sell him 20 pics
 
 you take the photos and you discuss is and pretend its behind my back you pervy bastard. Now no more joking about this. Changwe of subject please
 
 lol you know 500 would help ROFL
 
 haha
 
 NO lol your a pain in my ass
 
 exactly.. I think if he pays it he deserves it. LMFAO\n
 
 whatever phillip. One thats an unrealistic price and two no
 
 haha.. thats 20 pics for 500$ lol
 
 don does not need naked picks of me
 
 see what his reaction is. ROFL
 
 Lol no
 
 shell probably be gone before you get home...maybe
 
 Ishould ask don. HAHA
 
 Also moms coming over for a bit just so you know
 
 lol
 
 &lt;3
 
 NO
 
 no no no no no no no non nonononononono
 
 hows that. lol
 
 minimum buy 500$
 
 lol have him buy pictures for25$ a piece. HAHA
 
 Tard
 
 jk jk jk
 
 get donavan to pay ROFLMFAO HAHAHAHAHHA
 
 well I'm not an asshole.. :P and I'd pay. :P
 
 By retards and assholes  no one who would pay
 
 you could always ask. lol you get hit on all the damn time at the bar. 
 
 Pictures and web cams
 
 I wrote about the couples video
 
 what were the others.?
 
 the sspanking
 
 the amazintg nanny was spam
 
 what  was the other ones. 
 
 I did before i tmld you i dont like rejection. Spanking hurts and spam
 
 ?
 
 you look through all of the links yet
 
 Yes sounds like him lol
 
 he'd start losing and get pissy and stab everyone. lol
 
 where you aren't allowed to stab
 
 the head shot only game
 
 trust me
 
 and he's a bad loser. 
 
 haha
 
 yup
 
 He is donatan if doesnt know when to stop. That whole social awkwardness. If cant take a joke and cant make one. Someone always gets mad. You know how temper mental he is
 
 (i dont know how.. lol you hear me on there)
 
 lol and he offended some people
 
 running his mouth aparently
 
 Why did he get kicked of
 
 it'll sell better when it runs anyways.
 
 lol
 
 and he's going to come over today or tomorrow to get the cadi to try and figure it out
 
 LMFAO\n
 
 apparently donavan got kicked out of the clan on Modern Warfare
 
 love you
 
 mwah..
 
 &lt;3
 
 ok..
 
 &lt;3
 
 I love you and Ill talk to you later
 
 Imma go off comp. Computer chair hurts
 
 whatever you want babe
 
 ------------------\nthere you go. ROFL
 
 Sexy
 
 attractive couples wanted for amateur adult video project. Ages 18-35 only. Beginners welcome. This is not for internet. Pay is $100-$150 per hour
 
 up to $500 per shoot. Please send any photos possible to be considered. Any race welcome. Please include the word "couples" in subject line to weed out spam. Thank you. \n
 
 nope
 
 you should email him and just ask how much it is. because he didn't say in the post
 
 but no owies
 
 and yes I love you 
 
 Dork
 
 thats an easy way to make 150
 
 but you love me. lol
 
 Weirdo
 
 i rationalize fetishes though.. look at mine. lol
 
 not really. People hit on me
 
 fully clothed
 
 no touching
 
 someone touching my naked ass while Im stretched across his lap......
 
 its logical. lol
 
 etc..
 
 or people hitting on you trying to get with you
 
 or possible sex
 
 its a fetish. and does not involve sex
 
 all he's doing is spanking you. that doenst make me feel bad at all. 
 
 you got issues babe
 
 your terrified of me going out dancing but trying to get me to get spanked for money
 
 weirdo
 
 I will. hehe
 
 he wants pics
 
 Im so not taking a pic of my ass
 
 you could email and ask if its a pain spanking
 
 or the act of spanking.. what the levels were
 
 etc.. lol
 
 nope Imma wimp lol
 
 lol
 
 that would be nikki money
 
 but I dont give you enough for smokes for like 3 months. lol
 
 and thats one
 
 not thirty minutes
 
 half the time you hurt me when you spank me in joke
 
 lol no Im a wimp when it comes to smacking
 
 endure the pay. ;) lol
 
 sounds like good money for like a what 30 video of spanking. lol
 
 but I just cant do that without intercourse
 
 or something like that
 
 I think it was like 150
 
 I forgot what he was paying. lol
 
 that doesnt work that well. Cause the endorphins kick off. It pretty much has to be during the sex
 
 and he spank you. lol
 
 we have the sex before.. lol
 
 hurt is bad
 
 I dont want hurt
 
 no
 
 that one is weird. Also
 
 I dont think I could be spanked without sex. It would just hurt
 
 its a fetish guy. lol
 
 I think you'd get a kick out of being spanked for money. lol haha
 
 I looked at them sorta
 
 Like I said
 
 I dont want to deal with rejection
 
 tell me what you think of them
 
 go look at the links.
 
 lol if you want
 
 it could be a bonding 'activity' for us. ROFL
 
 I saw that one
 
 One of the links I sent you was looking for couples for a 'video shoot' HAHA 
 
 lol
 
 It should be ten. Ive only been awake for two hours....feels like more
 
 if it was ten I'd almost be done. HAHA\n
 
 How in fuck is it only eight? This is borderline depressing. It should be at least ten now
 
 while the pain meds are kicking in
 
 you should look at them. 
 
 I think you will get a kick out ofm y links though. lol
 
 love you too
 
 :D love ya
 
 see
 
... thats why we work togehter. :)
 
 darn. :P
 
 true...
 
 especially since read the email I sent lol
 
 yeah except theyll take your money while they are at it lol
 
 hmm.. I'm ok with laundering. ROFL   HAHA
 
 no
 
 right now im drinking coffee waiting for the caffination to kick in and the pain killer to knock off some of the pain
 
 they get your name address etc send a money order for more then its supposed to be then have you send half or most of it to another person. Its like money laundering and identity theft combined into one
 
 You look at the links I sent yet?
 
 IF its a scam. lol
 
 so its a shitty scam
 
 and they can't steal anything with just our address. lol
 
 just think if it was real.
 
 ok.. :'( frowny 
 
 nope
 
 I'd still text them. ROFL
 
 boooo
 
 hmm...
 
 true.. I didn't see that..
 
 no one in real life pays shit in advance of meeting you
 
 ^^always equals spam
 
 how do you know.. you might as well text.. because if it is real.. that would be amazing. lol
 
 If you accept this position
 
 I will instruct my personal assistant to mail you a check for your first week upfront payment by express mail so that i can be rest assured of your availability for the job and wouldn't need to search for a nanny elsewhere. If this employment opportunity is acceptable to you
 
 kindly get back to me asap with the information below required for confirmation and further proceedings to take place:
 
 yeah spam
 
 did you read it?
 
 live in or live out nanny
 
 spam
 
 you should read that email. they are detailed.
 
 400 a week
 
 amazing nanny wrote back
 
 the IBprofen shouldn't give you too many issues
 
 I dont want to be loopy. My head already hurts lol
 
 I cant have vicodin lol but I have the big ibruprofens
 
 hm;m.... chicken noodle soup and vicadin
 
 just make you loopy. lol
 
 Ive thought asbout it but it seems like a bad idea since I havent really eaten
 
 hmm... pain meds?
 
 I dont think so
 
 its my joints
 
 you pull something?
 
 Im never dancing again
 
 COME HOME AND MAKE IT BETTER
 
 hOLY MOTHER OF GOD
 
 "I DONT CARE"
 
 and nude...
 
 since its cleaning (ormally like 10ish an hour)
 
 sound fair  fo ryou and him?  if so I'll ask
 
 hmm.. 20$ an hour? 
 
 it ghurtrz
 
 i dont care
 
 would you be interested in doing the cleaning tomorrow? and what would offset the driving
 
 and you being nude  for price?
 
 he stayed up as late as I did
 
 and Mikey is still asleep
 
 I dont care honey
 
 what would you want me to ask for $$wise per hour? for the cleaning?
 
 lol
 
 mikey watches kids you go to bed?
 
 I just dont care right now
 
 my leg hurts so bad I wanna cry
 
 Saundra is screaming downstairs
 
 adam and billy are whining and I fucking HUrt Fucking hurts so bad. And billy just spilled cereal all over my floor. Awesome
 
 because its soo 'unique'
 
 I'm not trying to steamroll this one. 
 
 whatever
 
 if you want
 
 since he was so late on responding
 
 we can see about tomorrow.  instead of today
 
 Im cranky
 
 tired and my fuckin legs are screaming in pain
 
 yeah
 
 and I dont want to
 
 did you read the yahoo messages/?
 
 you can email him back.. ask whatever you want. I just asked the general questions.. 
 
 I guess
 
 I really dont want to though
 
 thats a fuck of a drive in the heat and then Im supposed to get naked all sweaty? And what if hes a crazy
 
 then im all the way on the other side of town alone
 
 I love you
 
 and I was just browsing the craigslist. lol
 
 are you interested in the cleaning for the nudist if he paid enough?&gt;
 
 your so pushy
 
 love you pushy mc pushy pants
 
 loooong morning
 
 all of it. :P mwah
 
 what about this did you miss
 
 he'll probably pay decent since its nude
 
 I dont want nothing cause I aint driving out to cortaro
 
 for cleaning?
 
 what doy ou want then?
 
 fuck that
 
 thats nada
 
 for two hours thats twenty bucks
 
 and I could get it for tomorrow. lol
 
 what if he paid like 15$ an hour?lol
 
 and attempting to rehydrate with ice
 
 while drinking coffee and soda 
 
 Im going to go over &lt;there and watch farscape
 
 Im not gonna
 
 I dont have to
 
 just the nude cleaning
 
 I dont want to 
 
 Saundra is in her room until she decides to say "I want cereal"
 
 they aren't all for 'today' 
 
 just look at them. 
 
 you were talking about doing the odd and end jobs..
 
 the fuckng kids wouldnt let me sleep
 
 and hungover
 
 and im tired
 
 i have a job
 
 I ignored them all
 
 did you go through all my links I sent this morning yet?
 
 andI lie the idea of you vacumming going shooka shooka shooka. lol
 
 he's a nudist. 
 
 not so good
 
 vaccuming while they go shooka shooka and shooka
 
 my saggy tits would get in the way
 
 I am not cleaning naked
 
 :p Fine
 
 you go clean for him
 
 what do you want to make perhour.lol just tell him
 
 its just today. 
 
 also I have a job
 
 lol maybe you can do it tomorrow
 
 or after I get home (I'll be home by 11 today)
 
 and Im hungover from the dancing
 
 thats a bitch of a drive
 
 I am not cleaning all the way out on cortaro
 
 morning babe
 
 for today
 
 I found you a cleaning gig :-)
 
 you awake?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3156164325.html
 
 ________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/dmg/3161847813.html babysitter on saturdays and sundays.. 40$ a day.  two kids
 
 ________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/edu/3132032390.html  nanny position. 
 
 _______________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/mar/3197413177.html  telemarketing  parttime..
 
 ___________________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3128688078.html  HAHA  there we can do this one together. ROFL\nCouples wanted (Tucson)\nSexy
 
 attractive couples wanted for amateur adult video project. Ages 18-35 only. Beginners welcome. This is not for internet. Pay is $100-$150 per hour
 
 up to $500 per shoot
 
 lol
 
 _____________________________
 
 I am seeking females from 18 to 35 who enjoy being spanked for private video work. THIS IS NOT INTERNET OR PRINT WORK. THIS IS STRICTLY FOR MY PRIVATE USE. You will not be asked to sign any forms. Compensation is cash. Your limits will be respected. This is for over-the-knee spanking by my hand only. Please send any photos you wish
 
 but a photo of your bottom is required. Any other questions
 
 please respond here. I am an attractive
 
 fit
 
 clean
 
 professional caucasion male who enjoys the spanking fetish. Thank you. \n
 
 there you go. you like getting spanked. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3128695788.html   
 
 _________________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3170216577.html   there you go 175$/hour  for nude photos for his own personal collection (its me
 
 only not as smooth) LMAO.. you should do that. lol
 
 so if you wanted I'm cool with you cleaning in the nude. lol (as long as no hanky panky. lol) ((that would be a LOT extra ROFL))
 
 sent at 11pm
 
 ---
 
 Hello
 
\nI ended up working today and would like to find someone for tomorrow morning. I am a single male nudist living near Cortaro and I-10 looking for someone who doesn't mind nudity or being nude to do a few hours of house cleaning. What do you like to make hourly?\nSteve\n
 
 The 'open minded' house cleaner wrote back.. he's a nudist
 
 I should be home by noon
 
 Maybe kris will watch soph then since you shnuld be home before she wakes up
 
 for the day. :)
 
 okey dokey... I'm getting out of work in like 30 minutes
 
 &lt;3 Ya
 
 I gotta go
 
 hey if I had a boob job and a tummy tuck Id be there in a heart beat
 
 rofl
 
 or 'casting calls' HAHA
 
 I just dont like the idea of working 30-40 hours a week for a 200 dollar check they take most of it out of. Yeah thats what I mean
 
 another like five day a week gig
 
 or even noe day a week gig if it pays enough
 
 combined
 
 it would be decent money
 
 like if you could get the college gig
 
 if we can find a standard thing thats different
 
 true.. but they aren't guaranteed
 
 I can do it
 
 But I really dont want to
 
 I like the idea better of doing littel jobs like babysitting and house cleaning
 
 where honestly if I get another babysitting or house cleaning gig I will be making as much not paying taxes as I would with a job making minimum wage
 
 and I get to be home more
 
 what do you think about that (or something like that) after Elise gets here?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/csr/3196313932.html
 
 I dont want to
 
 I know where its gonna lead and my self confidence cant take it. I know its money
 
 I know thats what you see
 
 but all I see is them pointing out every single flaw on my body and then me refusing to leave the house without a mumu ever again. 
 
 just more info
 
 I'm not telling you you have to go
 
 just email and ask what they are looking for
 
 the 'screening' might actualy be the shooting
 
 Im just not comfortable with it. I dont want to deal with rejection. If it were a guarenteed yes we will do this and give you money then yeah. But the whole audition screening process....nope
 
 I'm not 'big' enough for porn. HAHA
 
 you'd make more than me. lol
 
 if the payment is up front or at the time of the 'audition'  I'm ok wit it. 
 
 you can email them if you want and ask for details
 
 you should know Im okay with porn
 
 I told you if you ever do the site Id do it
 
 I just would do it for you cause your not retarded enough to tell me I dont look good enough. You would just "pretend to put them on the site or say you lost the files or something
 
 Im okay with it
 
 I just know im not what they are looking for and really dont want to deal with the rejection. My self confidence is gone after the kids when it comes to how I look
 
 especiallty naked. I dont need it brought lower
 
 yeah heid clum mons. the ones that dont get saggy tits and extra skin
 
 you could email and ask. lol (if you are ok with the idea)
 
 its supposed to be moms. lol
 
 its milfs. lol 
 
 I know
 
 but there is no way they would hire me and I really dont want to deal with the lash of no you look like youve had kids
 
 the ones I watch
 
 and it would probably only be once or twice since they wer egoing for (casting call style)
 
 if they pay up front
 
 2-4K is nice. lol 
 
 lol
 
 thats all about the fantasy
 
 im the reality
 
 not exactly porn star material
 
 also you know what I look like naked
 
 yeah you okay with me being in porn? 
 
 2-4K
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tfr/3196320135.html HAHA  there you go. LOL
 
 and thats nowhere near as 'swanky' as my swank
 
 thats out cortaro and shit
 
 fuck that
 
 that is so not worth the drive
 
 you worked at a 'swanky' place
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fbh/3177732791.html there you go. lol after elise moves in. 
 
 thats about nap time
 
 shell be asleep proly anyway
 
 dont realoly care
 
 i dk
 
 yeah they are all you know hand raised pet birds and crap
 
 just saying
 
 true
 
 better then billy saundra nad soph around birds
 
 ok... you see where I was going right?
 
 and they have their two eleven month olds around them lol
 
 the birds are outside
 
 lots of birds? 
 
 sophia around birds?
 
 at eleven. Kris is coming over to watch Saundra and Billy and Im taking soph with me
 
 lol when is that?
 
 Ill match and shit
 
 but I figure thatl be okay cause you know....parrots
 
 For gods sake Im wearing a hawian shirt to this interview cause I need to cover my shoulders so they dont get burnt
 
 professional.. (mother of 5.) LMFAO
 
 I asked but your retarded cause they want "proffessional" I is not that
 
 god you can be condesending sometimes
 
 No
 
 fuck tard I dont know how to do that. 
 
 etc..
 
 ask what specifically they were looking for
 
 just email... it says its part time
 
 ?
 
 they have highter standards. Whatll I do type up a resume that says I gave birth
 
 babysitting gigs
 
 little stuff ahving kids can get me in. If it is a serious position
 
 Not for that
 
 This is a part-time job.\n
 
 And I dont have a resume
 
 fifteen an hour IM sure
 
 because those bottom things are always wrong
 
 thats full time and I have no references for nannying full time gigs
 
 and if the pay is 15 a week
 
 or 15 an hour...
 
 and see what the nanny would be
 
 you mightwant to email them.
 
 I was gonna ask mikey to babysit if he could
 
 apparently about girls
 
 he wants to have some advice
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/lab/3196507172.html
 
 Not staying out that late
 
 Dr dude.
 
 so how will that work?
 
 I work tomorrow
 
 then when i get to bed I just want you to sleep so you wont be tired. not keep you up all night with the four hours you missed
 
 ? when where huh?
 
 Everything keeps happening when your asleep now
 
 I forgot to tell you
 
 I guess. Im supposed to go out tonight
 
 25$/hr to be bubbly about breast cancer awareness
 
 just t do it? :)
 
 so.. you taking a picture tonight and sending it in?
 
 I still looked bad them lol in ok not great
 
 and theres your picture. :)
 
 dress up liek you were when you went to the bar. 
 
 lol you have this incorrect veiw on you
 
 I know what I look like lol
 
 cant do any of those
 
 pictures required
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/evg/3194884106.html there you go
 
 yup
 
 roflmao
 
 lol same company different web page 
 
 perfect for you
 
 there you go
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/wri/3162682245.html LMFAO
 
 how to survive a school shooting....dont go to school
 
 a bit out of my comfort range. Im so not one of those crazy assholes
 
 lol
 
 yeah no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/wri/3171205927.html
 
 the second one is a lie
 
 the first one
 
 I dont know enough about the game nor do I own a damn tux shirt and bow tie lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/wri/3191002873.html
 
 dealer. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/evg/3194781806.html there you go
 
 talk about instant nos from people
 
 lol yeah right
 
 jkj kjk
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3195950673.html   LMFAO there you go
 
 copy paste address
 
 I was able to email
 
 you need to clean out the tub tonight you never did it yesterday so I just locked the bathroom to keep kids out of it
 
 :P
 
 I might have if I could use you as a buffer but since you cant email....nope
 
 and not my kinda freaks
 
 only freaks post shit like that
 
 realistic
 
 scaredy cat
 
 not emailing creepy guy
 
 no
 
 nuh uh
 
 and if there is pay
 
 no
 
 etc...
 
 so just email them
 
 and ask what the cleaning entials
 
 what 'open minded' they are talking about
 
 yeah Im not emailing creepy guy
 
 ah
 
 upgrades
 
 you never had a problem before
 
 since when
 
 once again
 
 mandatory routing..
 
 its an Outlook thing
 
 since when?
 
 I can't it makes me use my gov email from here
 
 and if you get paid..
 
 I sign everything Nikkole btw
 
 email and ask what it entails..
 
 fine you email them and pretend to be me
 
 "no pay"
 
 and charge 300 for cleanig
 
 no pay dorko
 
 get like 500 for it. ROFL
 
 I dont provide the sex
 
 see no they are looking for the sex
 
 email them and ask. lol
 
 you want me to wear a costume?
 
 and no pay.. did you see
 
 you gonna rape me?
 
 why exactly do I have to be open minded?
 
 thats just a little scary
 
 lol no
 
 well then
 
 there you go. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/dmg/3196193332.html  wow
 
 its a bit difficult thoughl lol
 
 what you need to do is find a truck and trailer and have someone you sell it too as composte orfertilizer
 
 but it kind of requires having somewhere to put it
 
 lol yeah
 
 if I had somewhere to take it
 
 and a trailer I'd do this
 
 they creep me out. They are dirty and mean
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/lbg/3181749583.html
 
 lol
 
 I fucking hate birds
 
 im fucked
 
 these are the parrot babysitter needed people
 
 http://www.arizonaparrots.com/index.htm
 
 the erotic massage is probably a hooker. lol
 
 the photo shoot isnt'. lol
 
 and thats a hooker
 
 not if there are any options available
 
 I dont want to be a prostitute
 
 uh yeah no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3189101611.html
 
 HAHA
 
 lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3189110527.html
 
 I tried seeing if I could getto past it bty just guessing where I am but it wont even recognize the controller. I already cooked it for like five minutes cause the damn thing was red ring. Maybe if I let it sit for a while
 
 I doubt it but Imma try anyway
 
 it looks all good starts up all nice then when it should be at home screen or at the damn thing where you pic profile it goes wonky
 
 fucking a
 
 bastard x box
 
 yeah it went boom. I wanted to watch farscape
 
 mainly cause the word fizzy is disturbing
 
 no fizzy drinks
 
 scary
 
 darn... well that doesnt' help... that means I will try to fix it. or... sell all of the xbox's and buy a used one from like Katana
 
 there you go
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/evg/3189116837.html
 
 no
 
 I'm out of pounds.. nothing in the house. I dont even have US money in my 'book'
 
 1030 surely u got pounds in a book 
 
 when am I coming to get her??\nI'd need one of you to sit with the kids.. if there isn't a parking spot in front of the ATM
 
 Go 2 da atm in lakenheath we at 37 milpark gardens past riverside hotel
 
 I dont have pounds... is there an ATM there? where you at?
 
 Lizle sed can u bring 20 pounds wen u pick her up
 
 kk
 
 and Ih ave to pick up the Nissan today and buy those parts for dondon
 
 oh right forgot about that
 
 info is in thecadi
 
 and to put gas in the cars
 
 damn.... I haev to pay the fine
 
 just need some basic groceries that we ran out of 
 
 so should be good
 
 you paid gas on the first right?
 
 cause water is only 50 and isnt due yet
 
 so try to save money so we arent fucked completely when we owe home insurance
 
 I think that was all of it
 
 home insurance not due yet. 
 
 tep
 
 tmobile
 
 cox
 
 vs
 
 and capital one paid. 
 
 that would make sense
 
 deal with your stuff and play farmville but Noooo
 
 ?
 
 Im trying to sit here
 
 stupid kids
 
 WHoever took my phone
 
 i'll give you 100$ cash to return it 
 
 no questions\nI'm active duty military and need my phone
 
 I'm active duty military and need my phone
 
 WHoever took my phone
 
 i'll give you 100$ cash to return it 
 
 no questions
 
 Dokucraft\n\ntexture pack for Minecraft
 
 http://www.grocerywiz.com/PrintableGroceryCoupons.aspx
 
 
 
 ? I'm online?
 
 http://phoenix.craigslist.org/evl/tlg/3209157300.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3145989887.html  singer
 
 __________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fbh/3196689125.html  pizza tosser
 
 _________________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/edu/3172563229.html tutor2
 
 ______________
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/edu/3197055908.html  tutor
 
 hello?
 
 stop leaving it up when I had mine up
 
 it confuses me
 
 I was wondering where all the game things popped up on my feed from
 
 ? hello?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/2920276517.html
 
 Where are the powerball tickets?
 
 hehe I'm talking to myself. 
 
 hewo? 
 
 Finance (Adv DLA)\nTMO (schedule etc..)
 
 5202709386
 
 no bf babys great and happy and yah thats fine take down my number so u can call me or we when u get back 913 565 5776
 
 CompleteCase.com
 
 Feb 2nd --Saundra 1105z\nFeb 2nd --adam 1445z
 
 my myspace url is /crystal_dragon_princess\nand her myspace name is babtgurl\nbabygurl
 
 haha\ng2g 9136833547 is the cell
 
 lisamarie2k11
 
 http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=580182512
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRCkAR4APxI
 
 bryonna_pitts@hotmail.com
 
 Splice
 
 After Death
 
 http://hotpads.com/rentals/7431-E-Desert-Aire-Drive-Tucson-AZ-85730--3un7k8ba5hwea#lat=32.17968072060087&amp;lon=-110.82801818847656&amp;zoom=19&amp;previewId=1t0dp4ur28288&amp;previewType=listing&amp;listingTypes=rental
 
sublet
 
room
 
corporate&amp;bedrooms=4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8plus&amp;highPrice=900&amp;background=hybrid
 
 Inception....DOWNLOAD
 
 http://www.youtube.com/user/austinj4994#p/f/163/SXsK5wyh3tA
 
 http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#!/nicki.massey
 
 Been awhile how are you doing deary\n
 
 how are you doing?
 
 Hey hun
 
 been awhile
 
 its been a bit
 
 hows everything going with you hun?
 
 hows everything going with you?
 
 hows everything going for you?
 
 hey girl. been awhile
 
 been awhile dear. 
 
 rofl
 
 Ohhhhh... shower.. ;) I wanna seeeee. hehe
 
 ima hop in the shower be back in a bit
 
 my youngest is visiting family in arkansas
 
 awww
 
 how cute. lol
 
 with my son michael
 
 fun fun... but all awone? :'(
 
 pretty boring went to bed at 8
 
 how was your night dear
 
 hahaha
 
 Boo deary HAHA
 
 nope
 
 any new bf's?
 
 fun fun. 
 
 good. im gettin ready to go to the bar.
 
 hey hun
 
 hows life
 
 love
 
 and kiddos
 
 what have you been up to hun?
 
 ng.
 
 morni.
 
 good mornin hun
 
 Hows everything in Ks going for you?
 
 Hey deary been awhile huh?
 
 How are you doing hun?
 
 Hey hows the kiddos doing?
 
 :D
 
 haha... I don't blame anyone... Just as long as I dont get hit. lol\n\nI know its weird to hit on people that you haven't seen in a long time
 
 So I understand people being protective and uneasy. lol\n\nEspecially when its online from a different country..\nlol
 
 what can i day people here are pretty protective of me
 
 :P Soooo noone wants to kick me ass? LMFAO
 
 haha. I like hitting on you
 
 hopefully I get to hit on you in person. (within reason
 
) &lt;-- whatever you decide
 
 Ok
 
 you're right she is very attractive
 
 but so are you. :P thus
 
 why i'm hitting on you ;p
 
 Ya its on my friends rachel v somrthin i dk how to spell her last name...
 
 she have a facebook? (still hitting on you
 
 just curious)
 
 Ya shes looks way diff. Shes hot....lol
 
 well i hope she straightened out also.
 
 Shes working alot. Other than that i dk because i dont talk to her. I talk to whitney like everyday.
 
 what is Rachel doing now?  I nkow you and Whitney are doing ok
 
 well
 
 fine you can look
 
 but you will still get what you want.. is that ok?\nI will try not to take you to somewhere stupid expensive... but Stix isn't stupid expensive to me. ahah
 
 I dk if i can make that deal
 
 Hun... the Herford house is just as expensive if not moreso\n(thus
 
 why I was asking what was too much)\nand dont you dare start looking at prices when we go out. DEAL?
 
 Lol stix is like way expensive so no lol i dont care
 
 have you heard of the Herford house? or.. would you want somewhere like Stix?\nI want you to have a good time (and I know not to try and kiss you. lol)\nNow.. if I can only get them to bring a bottle of wine
 
 without asking questions. lol
 
 Steaks cool. Lol n i like my phone better lol
 
 Damn you are a faster Cell Phone typer. lol\nok
 
 I'll try to figure something out then.. what do you think of steak?
 
 Im not that type of person it doesnt matter
 
 what is too cheap
 
 and what is too expensive? lol
 
 Anywhere im not picky
 
 figured I would let you know. :) lol\ncan i get some sort of hint as to where would be approptiate to take you to dinner?
 
 Thanx
 
 Just thought I'd let you know :) lol
 
 I can deal with that. \nyou still haven't figured out where we are going. :P\nI'm alway nervous about surprises. lol\nI don't want to pick the wrong resturant and have you think I'm cheap\nor.. snobbish
 
 I can't wait to get to lv now\nhopefully I can win your favor while i'm there :)\nget some sleep
 
 mwah \nSweet Dreams
 
 And the only important person in your life said it so it must be true!!!!
 
 I wouldn't say it if it wasn't true..... I don't believe that I'm the only one..... but if I am at least you know its true.... if ppl don't see it then they need their butts kicked!!!!
 
 You would be the only one that thinks I'm sexy. So I guess you are just crazy
 
 why do you have to be soooo sexy? it drives me crazy....
 
 You there babe?
 
 Text me
 
 913 669 0172
 
 Side shots
 
 covering yourself
 
 portrait type of stuff
 
 something to help you ease into it
 
 Silhouette nudes?
 
 We could start with lingerie
 
 and silhouette nudes. To help you feel more comfortable
 
 Why does it make you nervous
 
 they are just for me.  
 
 Idk right now anything would. It makes me nervous
 
 How much would help hun?
 
 Y? 
 
 This is a bad idea
 
 How much money would help?
 
 Nothing
 

 
 What do you mean you wouldn't be up to my standards??
 
 Huh?
 
 I meant for us having fun :p
 
 No we couldn't. I do have some self respect
 
 ;)
 
 And if I was in town we could have some fun
 
 You're drop dead gorgeous
 
 What do you mean hun
 
 As much as I could use the money I'm not sure I could meet the standards you want
 
 I see
 
 So no worries there
 
 A gf and we are ina poly relationship
 
 Ha you have a wife don't you?
 
 We could always have some fun when i Get in town ;) jk lol
 
 Because that's just not me I guess
 
 Y?
 
 Right that whole idea terrifies me
 
 Just me and you. No one else.
 
 Just photos from you to me  
 
 not all would be nude. 
 
 Haha oh lord by modeling you mean porn
 
 Mwah
 
 You and me could cone to an arrangement on some 'modeling' pictures
 
 Geez I'm ganna hate it but have to do what I have to
 
 I'm working two jobs also about 15+ hrs a day
 
 Yea how's that?
 
 Maybe i could help ;) mwah
 
 It's been stressful
 
 getting a second job
 
 Miss you... 
 
 How'd life babe
 
 Mwah
 
 I see
 
 Just thought you should know :)
 
 That was random
 
 Mwah love you
 
 Smile
 
 Text me 9136690172
 
 Thanks *
 
 Tanks
 
 ya and you still look as stunning as ever :)
 
 Lol did you get to see the pics u debt yesterday
 

 
 Cuz i love seeing you :)
 
 Why?
 
 You should text me a pic pdf you today :)
 
 Not a lot off work at the salon. Just dropped off a tutu order And now home then aisens school play
 
 Mwah  what's up girly
 
 Hey
 
 :P\n
 
 Idk
 
 What would you say
 
 Haha yea well go with that
 
 Because were amazing :)
 
 Guys like you never make sense to me lol
 
 I'd be there to pick you up :)
 
 I know but right now I just am about one situation from a break down lol
 
 You should know me better than to think I'd push you
 
 I think you'd want to and I don't want to be in that position right now
 
 Do you think you'd do something?
 
 Hahaha booty is exactly why
 
 Not*
 
 Why booty
 
 Haha yea not a good idea
 
 LOL
 
 well me and you can grab coffee whenever I'm in town next
 
 No sitting on his ass watching tv
 
 Lol
 
 sounds like an amazing mr
 
 her took off work to help right? Lol
 
 Guess who took off work early ... Ugh
 
 Not insinuating that at all
 
 he's army
 
 and they ate all retarded
 
 I feel like your insinuating that I did something to lead him to believe it was ok
 
 how is this conversation going? 
 
 I didn't like him. And I don't like how this conversation is going
 
 I'm sorryd eary....  anything I can do to ehlp
 
 youre a bitch to me when I flirt with you
 
 but you actually like(d) me. 
 
 Yeah. I was a complete bitch to him the whole night because he kept flirting with me. I fell asleep on a room with the door shut by myself.
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 so he just decided since you were out coldhe could?
 
 I tell Matt I'm not in the mood or I don't want to and he accuses me of chatting or pushes it until I cave
 
 Please don't tell anyone
 
 I was at a "party" and I got really drunk
 
 I didn't want to drive home so I asked to crash there ( it was my friend house only like 6 people there) and her and her husband and there too kids were there well anyways I went to bed and woke up to her husbands friend... I now have nightmares and sex is a horrible experience
 
 it's just bad. The whole thing he's a solider and I reported him
 
 so obviously you would like to tell me
 
 or need to tell me. and I would like to know
 
 you said something happened
 
 what happened?
 
 Haha except I don't share. And I'd rather not tell you
 
 and if the baby was with me it would have changed things. youd be happy :P
 
 what happened?
 
 I know. I thought the baby would change things. Now he's always mad. And something happened a couple months ago that changed me
 
 :P
 
 if you remmeber
 
 you used to talk to me deary
 
 I knew that. 
 
 I should. For more reasons than you just heard. What he wants is a stay at home wife to tend to the kids and the house and that's not me
 
 (thus... why I deleted it) :P
 
 that apparently he doesnt give a flying fuck and that you should kick his ass to the curb
 
 Ganna*
 
 What were you Hanna say?
 
 lol
 
 (comment deleted ) :P
 
 He helps some but always has an excuse to do something else instead of helping
 
 I do the shopping I was paying the bills
 
 but now he's taking that over and paying them late .hes takes care of the kids and helps do dishes and laundry sometimes vacuums etc he works like 40 hours and then his drill
 
 because I'm the one doing the couponing
 
 with me and my gf
 
 I do all the shopping
 
 doesntthe 'mr' help at all?
 
 Geez. Yea I tried that and meal planning but 34-45 hours in the salon 15+ hours working on tutus and then 3-5 kids lol
 
 shows a little of my garage. lol
 
 Holy cow
 
 look at my pictures. lol
 
 Oh haha I tries couponing and I suck :/ I just don't have the time with the salon
 
 a tutu business
 
 and the kids
 
 I'm an extreme couponer. lol 
 
 1 I wont do anything to your reputation.  2 depends on what you would want/how much/etc...  3. what do kids have to do with it?
 
 Number 1 is the biggest reason
 
 Um 1. You have seven kids 2. Not sure what you'd ask for 3. I don't want to dirty my reputation
 
 oh.. why? Mwah :P
 
 I wouldn't ask that or accept for numerous reasons
 
 :)
 
 do you need ehlp on anything?
 
 I'm pay check to paycheck. I'm currently bringing in more money than Matt ( I'm at like 2-350 a week ) he's at 460 ish every two
 
 So
 
 how bad is bad on the money deary
 
 I'll have to look at them after work 
 
 for some reason they aren't showing up currently. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Before &amp; after
 
 before and after the hair cut hopefully
 
 and I want new pictures. :P
 
 I could always help money wise. :) mwah
 
 Welp off to chop off my hair
 
 Haha see I know you pretty well and leaving isn't that easy. Especially since we're financially struggling
 
 That's my girl mwah
 
 Well the love you'll tell me what you always have . And finances I. Sure you'll offer the I trade pictures etc for $$$
 
 And what would that be?
 
 Because I know what you'll say
 
 Why shouldn't you talk to me about that?
 
 Idk if I should honestly talk to you about any of that. I'm definitely not where I want to be in any of those
 
 Etc...
 
 Life
 
 love
 
 finances
 
 Huh?
 
 So are you doing ok?
 
 Wow! Yea I'm good with my 3 and his 2 I couldn't even imagine more than that
 
 Maybe lol
 
 if i get my sisters kids yes
 
 cuz that would be 11 total
 
 Holy moses 
 
 haha you guys done after this?
 
 5 for me
 
7 total
 
 Oh yea wow twins! Busy guy
 

 
 so that's what 5 for you? And she had 2 or 3?
 
 My baby turned one in march
 
 and we are expecting twins in June
 
 i also might be getting my sisters four kids
 
 and we are still looking for our next gf :)
 
 Going that well huh?
 
 How's your kids
 
 the mrs?
 
 Eh let not talk about him
 
 The mr?
 
 It's the same. The baby is  beautiful 
 
 my boys are growing :)
 
 What have you been up to? Anymore kids lol
 
 How's everything else
 
 Thanks
 
 Congrats
 
 Eh busy I guess. Opened a salon in a suite in lansing.
 
 You know what i meant lol
 
 Uh in Kansas lol!
 
 Where have you been?
 
 Hey
 
 you might like this video. :)  its a violin music video
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxIOUJ7by6U&amp;feature=relmfu
 
 have you told him yet?
 
 Yes it's his
 
 talk to me
 
 I want to be there and help. :)
 
 is it his? or someone elses?
 
 whats going on  hun?
 
 Sorry in stressed
 
 hey hun
 
 talk to me
 
 hey gorgeous. :) hows areyou doing?
 
 oh... ok.. whats wrong hun?
 
 Stop
 
 why are you tired? I wasn't there to 'wear' you out.. ;) hehe
 
 Tired
 
 hows my girl doing today?
 
 Hey
 
 hey girl..
 
 Smile
 
 good morning sexy
 
 what hav eyou been up to today?
 
 Hey
 
 I have about a week of meals done now. :)
 
 :)   fun fun fun.. I am working on your meal plans. so that you can go shopping for it on the 15th. :) so we have time to work on the schedule together. :)
 
 Fine just working on some artwork
 
 hey babe
 
   Mwah Love you :)  hows your day going?
 
 mornign gorgeous :)
 
 hey sexy
 
 hey hun. :)
 
 just message when you get a chance. :) or txt
 
 I'm at school sorry lol
 
 just list things you normally make
 
 what about lunch?
 
 ok.. well we can do a different one each day so like Mon-eggs and fruit
 
 Tues-oatmeal and ?  and Wed Pancakes
 
 etc.. etc..  ok
 
 Me and the kids are the only ones who eat. We normally do eggs and fruit or like oatmeal or pancakes
 
 his*
 
 (and when are hid kiddoes  over so I can figure out that in for meal sizes)
 
 what do you two and the kids normally eat for breakfast?
 
 Idk where to start . I'm super sick everytime I eat....
 
 :)
 
 that is why I am offering to help on the budgeting. because if you guys can save like 200$+ a month
 
 then it will take at least a little stress off of you
 
 Well talk to me hun. :) I will help if I can
 
 I guess idk I've just got a lot on my plate right now
 
 the easiest way to start to save money is to base your grocery shopping when you know exactly what you will need. that way you can shop by deals
 
 sales
 
 etc..
 
 lol
 
 Just idk per occupied I suppose is a better word
 
 been busy?
 
 lol
 
 No in all honesty I havent even made an effort to
 
 hey hun. you get that meal plan figured out? :)
 
 Hey
 
 :P
 
 sexy toes. lol
 
 you still there?
 
 (but type the meal plan in here)
 
 Mwah... text me dear
 
 because it is a budget grocery buy. and if you know hwat you are making for two weeks
 
 or a month
 
 you can buy in bulk in areas and save. :)
 
 (well I'm taking my lunch break so message the 2 week meal plan when you get it) and we will work from there. 
 
 yup feelings still haven't changed here ;) in case you were wondering. lol
 
 Lol
 
 :D
 
 LD
 
 haha thats my girl. always the proactive one. ;)  sexy lil housewife
 
 student
 
 and unbelievably gorgeous woman 
 
 Yea I'm just multi tasking and doing homework as I'm typing to you
 
 make sense?
 
 D-meatloaf
 
 mashed potatoes
 
 etc...
 
 L-turkey and cheese sandwiches
 
 apples
 
 juice or water
 
 like Monday B-sausage and eggs
 
 milk
 
 jsut type it in here as you think of it
 
 Ok it might take me a little bit
 
 (doesnt have to be exact
 
 just so we have something to work with as a starting point)
 
 and type it in here for me
 
 make a list
 
 think of what you will make for breakfast
 
 lunch
 
 dinner (and kid snack)  for the next 14 days
 
 run it in two week blocks
 
 come up with a meal plan
 
 ok.. step one to a budget (especially when you say that food is one of your areas)  
 
 I mean I try to switch it up every week
 
 No idea lol
 
 (or at least mostly)
 
 do you know what you are going to make each meal for the week?
 
 ok... how do you cook?
 
 Idk lol
 
 still there dear?
 
 pretty easy place to start
 
 so do you want to start on food?
 
 Haha k
 
 so dont worry ok?
 
 that is why I am here to help dear. :)
 
 Idk lol I suck at setting up a budget
 
 to the rest
 
 we will start one place and work our way out
 
 where do you want to start. lol   food
 
 clothing
 
 'misc'  
 
 because you can buy in bulk
 
 for meal sets
 
 ok that helps... 
 
 Nope not really
 
 (trust me
 
 I'm good at budgeting. lol between me and nikki
 
 there are 5 kids) 
 
 do you
 
 or anyone in the house have food allergies or a special diet?
 
 Haha I just want to keep track of what is being spent and set a limit to some that I can such as groceries and clothing ( I've been spending way too much in that area
 
 that fits you
 
 you can't force yourself into a method you have to find a good one
 
 we will figure everything else out based on you and your style
 
 I'm talking about you. 
 
 Idk I don't know too much about the system and what would work best
 
 Haha misread that
 
 budgeting for say 2 weeks (one pay perioed) or do you want to do a month as a trial run?
 
 Idk soon
 
 where do youw ant to start?
 
 I'd do anything for you :D  haha ehhe
 
 You can of you'd like
 
 if you are going to try the envelope style
 
 just offer suggestions or something like that
 
 would you like me to help with a budget (as an outside viewer)
 
 Kind of that and Matt has a ton of debt we need to get put of
 
 what were you wanting to do with this method&gt;?   figure out where you are over spending or what?
 
 so i guess it depends on how you would want to do it.   you could alwasy leave yourself. (vouchers) in the envelops.. so you dont have massive amounts of cash in your house
 
 if you do the envelope method. you end up having a lot of cash lying around if you preplace all of your cash
 
 Hey what didn't you like about it
 
 hey gorgeous
 
 How are you doing this morning deary
 
 idk. lol
 
 ?
 
 :P
 
 morning
 
 and I'm not going anywhere
 
 and I didn't mean stoop to his level but at some point and time you will need affection from someene that actually cares about you and your feelings.
 
 ok
 
 Mwah..
 
 keep messaging me. It will go to my phone. Im just shutting off my laptop so it wont show me online.
 
 so stoop to his level? no thank you? my days of random sex i never had a bf or a serious anything with anyone
 
 because from what I have seen of him
 
 and from what you have said
 
 he isn't following that rule (but I dont know everything)
 
 anything I could to do change that? 
 
 you would be
 
 any one out side of my relationship with my husband is off limits
 
 ~blush~ hehehhe
 
 :)
 
 and I would do anything for you
 
 I wouldn't be random. 
 
 I cant anymore though .. thats the thing... I finally dont have to have random sex partners to feel ok again. its nice. 
 
 I would even make a trip to town just for that. 
 
 I would gladly help you out when I'm in town. :)
 
 and to touch on my sex addicition. Matt doesnt know.. neither does any one else
 
 yep! Congrats!!!!
 
 Did you see I just got the house I put an offer on? :)
 
 and thats fine. but Im still a dying breed of woman. I demand resect and Im not saying that your gf doesnt respect her self I just remember when I was in the worst of my se addiction i did it because i didnt respect myself and didnt give a shit if guys or girls did
 
 and i had so many one night stand and sex with strangers and sex "agreements" and now I cant let myself do it again. 
 
 if I was with you I would be entirely happy with you and only you. and wouldn't think twice if someone walked past because I would only be attracted to you. 
 
 your not the only couple I know thats like that ... I acctually think what i demand in a relationship is dying out
 
 and thats good that you both agree on that 
 
 as long as she finds the girl attractive
 
 she actually wants me to bring them home lol
 
 but the fact that me having sex with another woman with her in the room turns her on
 
 we have an 'interesting' relationship that leans pretty close if not entirely to Polyamory (with only girls)
 
 well thats good then
 
 and she hasn't done anything since then
 
 so I can't/wont hold that against her. :)
 
 and we hadn't met yet
 
 only takling online
 
 and skype
 
 she slept with someone before I got here. 
 
 haha well you did say she slept with someone else so i can only assume she still would. again I dont know the full situation and in the end all that matter is happiness right?
 
 its not like that
 
 she is a stay at home mum. but..  we have similar interests
 
 and right now our open relationship is only open to girls. (me having girls
 
 her having girls
 
 us having girls) so I am not worried about anything.\nAfter my wife
 
 I tend to keep my eyes open a little wider than most people notice. lol\nbut I love you considereation. :)  ~makes me blush a little~ hehe
 
 again I dont know the full stuation but i see a girl with kids who stays home ( and Idk what her $ situation was or is ) and your a nice guy who would do above and beyond for someone you care about. I just ... I hope she isnt taking advantage
 
 what is it dear?   talk to me 
 
 My past just makes me wonder the things I know about your gf. and I dont know her well enough to say anything
 
 I love your input
 
 and your opinions. and you konw how I feel. so your opinions mean more than you probably think that they do. and there is still things you dont know about me. lol\nbut if/whenever you are comfortable I would still love to know more about you :)
 
 There's thing you don't know about me and idk I just keep my mouth shut. Your happy that's all that matters
 
 Like I've said before I have no right to judge on how you live your life Phillip. And I would judge as much as I'm concerned
 
 sorry
 
 i am afraid that you will judge me on a lot of things
 
 primarily because I have different 'morals and ethics' than most. lol
 
 Well that's good
 
 she did sleep with someone right before I got in town. so there is a small chance. but we are almost positive. regardless.. lol its mine. 
 
 and yes
 
 about 90% sure
 
 sorry
 
 it fell into that whole (afraid you would judge me thing)
 
 You didn't tell me !!! It's your right?
 
 yes. why?
 
 Is your gf pregnant?!
 
 well I'm still your friend and would do anything I could for you dear
 
 hey hun
 
 hey sexy woman
 
 still there?
 
 I'm curious. :P  (and they would only be for me
 
 I wouldn't disseminate)
 
 Haha
 
 so... theoretically
 
 what would 'pictures' cost? hehe
 
 haha  silly phone. :P
 
 Lol I'm never actually online
 
 yippee
 
 my sexy woman is actually online. hahaha jk ;)
 
 you konw I would love more pictures of you
 
 and 'time' with you hehe
 
 what? :P
 
 Haha
 
 you know I love you
 
 and I would/will do anything you want
 
 so I can spend some time with you. :)  Mwah! hehe
 
 and isn't repeated unless you come into money troubles
 
 thats not how its supposed to make you feel. its meant as a way that only me and you know about that helps you when you need money
 
 Either I'd feel like a prostitute
 
 and why not? (just curious)
 
 what about the smaller loan?
 
 I honestly don't see me ever taking you up on that offer
 
 like... assuming you needed like 500$ in a very short time frame and I was in town
 
 would you want to talk hypothetically about what the 'loan' would include?
 
 I was going to talk about hypothetically the small loan and the large loan. and situations when you might need/want them. and what you would be ok with them being.
 
 lol okey dokey
 
 Just talk and I'll let you know I I want to send the conversation
 
 on? 
 
 Depends
 
 can we talk theoretically for a minute? :)
 
 no worries. 
 
 Yea sorry I'm busy with the kids
 
 you still there dear?
 
 there is a long talking process about do's donts' likes dislikes' etc...
 
 if I'm in town. and I have extra money
 
 I might ask if you need/want some money :) and for you and a larger loan
 
 I wouldn't do less than $500 for basically a one night
 
 so if I ask
 
 please dont get offended
 
 and dont ever hesitate to ask me hun. 
 
 darn... ;) I'd even raise the prices for you. :)
 
 Oh lord. I honestly don't see me indulging on your loans but I'm flattered
 
 and the larger loans are normally between like $200-$1000 depending on what the person needs/wants and what I get in return. I would love to loan you money HAHA  
 
 sorry
 
 you are gorgeous. :D
 
 think you might be up for 'smaller' loans? :)
 
 Well it looks like you found your perfect match then
 
 she actually likes it
 
 and love to look at the pictures also
 
 she is turned on by the 'larger' loans if she gets to watch. and its my oddity
 
 she doesnt mind it at all
 
 and she knows that if I cannot afford it
 
 then I will tell people I cannot help them. I will never put my kids in money issues for my fetish. :)
 
 What does your girlfriend think about this?
 
 I up the 'picture' prices if I get more than one nude female in the pictures. hehe
 
 no
 
 I am actually entirely straight. so no guys for me
 
 Bahaha buying people?! Like guys too?!
 
 I am really good with money
 
 and budgeting is damn near my skill now. lol
 
 Like if you were ok with doing pictures like 25 pictures for like 50$ I could probably come up with that in a couple days.. but if you guys needed a larger sum
 
 it might take a week or three
 
 what do you mean?  haha\nsince it falls into a 'fetish' for me (helping people and 'buying' people rolled into one)  I have an uncanny ability to make money appear from nothing. 
 
 Haha believe. I wouldn't have quite my job if we needed money at all. I'm an amazing saver. My question now is how the hell do you have extra money ?
 
 I didn't think you guys needed 'larger' amounts of money so I didn't ever ask
 
 (primarily for fear of offending you)
 
 lol. I would love to get some more amazing pictures of you. :)
 
 Haha because I'm not perfect
 
 and would love to get more
 
 if at all possible. :)
 
 but.. I would love to be able to give you 'small' loans. :)  hehe you're gorgeous
 
 and I love the pictures I got from you 
 
 why do you not have room to judge? lol
 
 Why not what?
 
 why not? :)
 
 And about last night I have no room to judge
 
 Thanks :) and yeah I have full books at school so I don't even think twice when people doubt my skill that haven't seen it
 
 And... thank you for not getting offended last night... its an interesting part of me
 
 that I wasn't sure how you would take it
 
 hmm.. I'm sorry hun
 
 I told her you were giong to school for it in olathe
 
 and she didn't seem put off by it.   All for the best I guess
 
 I wont stop dropping your name. :)   
 
 No she is going somewhere else which is fine with me . When I told her I was still a student ah seemed kind of uninterested
 
 did you guys set something up
 
 or did she go somewhere else?  I know she wanted it like 'IMMEDIATELY" which is a little odd.... but I figured I would still give her your name. :) (see I'm trying to help you get business) :D
 
 Hey your friend messaged me
 
 Hey hun
 
 just gave someone your facebook and she will send you a message asking if you can do her hair in choppy layers and what you charged. if possible she would like it today. just letting you know I sent you another potential customer. :D  
 
 What did I do to piss you off? you haven't been talking to me
 
 so I just wanted to know what I did. I hope everything is ok with you. :)  Mwah (on the cheek) hope all is well
 
 :P
 
 Hope all is going well
 
 You and the Mr doing alright?  Hope so. Kiddos feeling any better? you feeling any better?  
 
 :P
 
 Hope all is going well for you hun .
 
 hey hun
 
 Love the new picture deary. How are you doing?
 
 you online hun?
 
 ohh poor baby
 
 I'm sorry he doesnt feel good. Any clue what it is?
 
 Good morning darlin'
 
 well txt me dear
 
 I am curious where you want to go if you dont want me to cook. :)
 
 It is something that we started to allow us openness
 
 you know how I feel about you
 
 and  that will never change. I just want to spend as much time with you as possible. :)
 
 The "sharing" thing. On my end Im not ok with sharing myself
 
 not ok with what?
 
 Idk I like the idea of having dinner somewhere better because im not ok with it
 
 but like I said
 
 I really just wanna cook for you hun. :)
 
 pretty much I guess
 
 and we talk about anyone that we wouldn't be ok with. and we have discussed you
 
 (if it were to happen)  we have a lot of discussions about different people. and if we did anything
 
 it would be ok. 
 
 I guess
 
 You guess are oking cheating as long as its discussed
 
 I would really love to cook for you :)
 
 its kinda hard to explain
 
 but does that make any sense?
 
 this allows us tobe in  our relationship
 
 and if there happen to be someone that we wanted to do something with
 
 or those random occurances at a bar like if she got hit on by agirl and went with it
 
 we wouldn't actually be cheating 
 

 
 again sharing is wrong in my book
 
 but since she is bi
 
 and she wants the ability to express that when she wants to
 
 that we discussed everything. and since I am straight
 
 we came to the talking about it beforehand
 
 and we have to agree on it. so if there is someone that we really dont like
 
 then we wont do it
 
 I know
 
 we were like that in the beginning also
 
 
 
 Idk The idea of people being ok with sharing someone is bizarre to me
 
 (thats pretty close from what I remember)
 
 you husband doesnt really bother me
 
 and that if you wanted to do something
 
 and I wanted to do something
 
 and we made burgers
 
 had a few drinks
 
 and watched a movie and it progressed from there
 
 I would be good with it. because you know how I feel about it.:)  but mainly I just want to make you hamburgers
 
 some fries
 
 have a couple yummy drinks
 
 and watch a movie. :)
 
 oh.. 
 
 see if I can remember it pretty close ... I dont want to misquote myself. lol
 
 I'm fine. Hey I didn't get to read the last text you sent what did it say?\n
 
 Good morning dear
 
 How are you doing?
 
 Hey hun. hows are you going?
 
 good morning doll :)
 
 she has three people she's going to call she said you would hear from her also. (she was combing fb to see who knew hair stylists) lol
 
 What did I do to piss you off the other day?
 
 thanks
 
 I found someone that is going to either call or send you a fb message about possibly doing her hair for her wedding. she asked if I knew anybody and I though of you
 
 not online for long just watned to say hello. "had to stop in a work for a minute'
 
 hola deary
 
 hola
 
 uh oh... someone hacked ur account?
 
 ur online. :)
 
 Um I thought I was a no charge VIP?
 
 ohh kinky.. you paying? ;)
 
 Prostitute*
 
 Hey protistute
 
 How is your day going?
 
 good morning/afternoon hun
 
 Hope all is well
 
 and I hope you have a good day dear.
 
 Hope all is going well in your neck of the woods..
 
 Hows your day going?
 
 well
 
 I am here if/when you want to talk again. I hope all is going well.
 
 how are you doing?
 
 Hey hun
 
 Hey hun
 
 we all love you hun
 
 and we are all here if you need help
 
 hey hun
 
 whats up hun?
 
 I wish you the best
 
 and send you my regards and support for this upcoming week of rememberance dear. 
 
 Well
 
 dear
 
 I am getting off of work early today
 
 text me if you want to talk
 
 I'm here for you
 
 to vent
 
 talk
 
 whatever. I hope your day gets better. 
 
 Hey deary
 
 .
 
 so how is work going so far today?
 
 :P
 
 hey ther
 
 :P
 
 k
 
 text me
 
 Im giong to a meeting
 
 nice. 
 
 haha um design forum is the class
 
 What class are you in?
 
 :)
 
 soo you want it for free?
 
 haha nope I get it for free right?
 
 ohh... you paying? ;)
 
 hey hooker
 
 :P
 
 how are you doing?
 
 Hey
 
 hey hun
 
 fine still here
 
 hows work giong dear?
 
 I like it when you smile
 
 and I loved playing with Aisen :)
 
 haha thats good\n\n
 
 I'm gonna go grab some lunch
 
 but I will be back to make sur eyou stay cheered up in a bit hun. Smile
 
 and I really do hope he changes
 
 because I don't like to see you unhappy....
 
 i know
 
 but i wouldnt do it
 
 and.. i wouldnt mean it maliciously
 
 since i still am pretty sure he doesnt like me lol
 
 now thatll just piss him off\n
 
 hmm.. maybe I should send them to you 'for' him. haha
 
 
 
 Haha hold your breath on that
 
 sorry
 
 just got back from a meeting
 
 and we are good. . the Mr. get any better?  (I'm waiting for him to bring you home a dozen roses and say 'I'm sorry')
 
 ???
 
 so how are you and the gf?
 
 lollol
 
 I know
 
 that was on the cheek. :P
 
 rememer i do have a husband.
 
 MWAH :D
 
 ?
 
 what
 
 pssst... 
 
 I can always make you smile. :)
 
 haha i guess so
 
 I can make it less boring and make you smile. 
 
 well good thing I'm here. 
 
 fun . 
 
 Just working
 
 10 hour day
 
 so what have you been doing today?\n
 
 just email them to me
 
 
 
 :D :) :) :)
 
 Ill tey to take some
 
 :P
 
 I wanna see
 
 pictures?
 
 Just got my haircut super short again
 
 haha Im good
 
 best part is that I know you are smiling right now. :)
 
 hey you !
 
 Good morning deary
 
 I wish I could help you out dear. if it came to you getting a second job
 
 I would get a second job on top of active duty military befor eyou have to do that...
 
 my opinion... that is fucked up. 
 
 he has one. He wont get another and i have to have a lawyer
 
 solution i bust my ass
 
 :)
 
 two jobs? and school
 
 and kids????? make his ass get one..
 
 but you are smiling and you know that I'm right dont you dear? :P
 
 lol your a goof\n
 
 and I'm pretty sure everyone agrees with me. :P
 
 you're hair looks good all the time
 
 and you are you hun
 
 you always look good. 
 
 haha well i didnt do my hair toda and we wear all black at work sooo... doubtful\n
 
 but I bet you do look stunning at work.  
 
 I was just curious what it looked like
 
 not an actual picture. lol I'm not that 'cheeky' haha
 
 work is goinh finr for now. Im just stressed out. and ok well then glad we cleared up what you werent asking for a picture of
 
 and I wasn't asking for a picture of 'what you bought' ROFL
 
 I bet you look stunning. so I would love one from now.
 
 just to prove you wrong. :P
 
 haha i can probably do that . I look pretty bad today so i dont know if ill do it now\n
 
 so how is work going?
 
 and you should sooo take a picture of the Salon you work in so I can see it. lol (yet another channce for a girly mirror shot. lol)
 
 I didn't say a picture. :P lol
 
 and thats not ganna happen klol
 
 no i work at a salon now
 
 so.. those 'things under the wedding dress' :) what did they look like. :D heheh
 
 I kinda want to see that. ;)
 
 awww
 
 you playing with flowers? 
 
 haha me too
 
 what are you up to?
 
 I'm at work. lol so its all kinds of fun
 
 hey thanks =] you too\n
 
 Hey girly. I hope your day is going ok. 
 
 I hope you get some nice relaxing sleep and that tomorrow is better than today.. I love you for all that you do
 
 you truely are supermom. \n\non a side note... make Matt clean the house...\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 I will (hopefully) be there in a couple weeks. (and don't worry
 
 I am not going to try to 'steal' you) haha I may be an Ass but not that much of one. \n\nMarissa isn't coming back to the states
 
 so its just going to be me and the kids coming to LV now. (fun fun...and hectic. lol)
 
 We wont be getting married until next march and when will you be here
 
 fast
 
 but good for you hun. I hope everything continues to go well
 
 and I wish you many many many years of happiness
 
 i really do. :)\n\nHow are the kiddos?\n\nP.S. Too bad i couldn't get back to LV sooner ;) haha
 
 Pretty good :) going to start looking at wedding venues soon
 
 Goodie. :D great to have you back hun... Mwah\n\nHow are things?
 
 hey sorry i took a little break from fb. But im back
 
 but i have two kids from 2 different dads as well  (technically) but they are both my babies and I'd do anything for them and would never change it. \n\nluv ya
 
 I'm glad he will approve you meeting with a friend. LMAO\n\nI hope your day goes well hun
 
 keep me posted on any ups and downs
 
 kids
 
 and school. :D
 
 Congratulations on the Engagement
 
 I wish you two the best of luck.\nI would write Matt and congratulate him as well
 
 but he blocked my main account
 
 so I don't want to write him on this one
 
 He might get the wrong impression... but Congratulations...\n\nPhillip
 
 Glad to hear it. :) (if that is the case)
 
 Please talk to me
 
 I am a good listener
 
 and I would love to hear it.\n\nI am more then willing to help in any way you let me
 
 I want to. \n\nI am still hopeful for the playdate with the kids
 
 and I really do want to help anyway I can. So just talk. :)
 
 Idk im at a very confusing place though
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 Anything you want to talk about?
 
 Just aruging... And realizing he doesnt like very much about me
 
 What happened yesterday?
 
 so are you and Matt still ok with a playdate?
 
 I am glad that you love school
 
 and it seems like you might have found a guy for you. I hope that everything works out the way you want it to. Please keep me updated
 
 Hey hun. I loooove the new picture of Arik.
 
 I'm glad you are getting to. \n\nCan't wait to hang out with you
 
 and show you that there is more to you then just your beauty. haha\n\nAnd.. if he's not treating you right... I can show you how you are supposed to be treated.. but only if you are unhappy..
 
 No idea
 
 im just excited to get started!
 
 I am glad that you are starting class. You are going to have a blast. \n\nSoo
 
 do you plan on opening up your own salon?
 
 http://tours.tourbuzz.net/public/vtour/display/4707?a=1  (this is one of the houses that I might get)  what do you think... :D
 
 What happened?  You ok?\n\nOh I am looking at houses in Arizona. I started looking at base housing
 
 and this is one of the ones I might get. what do you think?\n\nhttp://davismonthan.soaringheights.net/files/davismonthan_soaringheights_net/LUPINE_JNCO%204br%20DONE.pdf
 
 I would like that. A lot
 
 I soo need to be there
 
 that way I could watch the kiddo's and you could get out of the house for a bit
 
 dont really what?
 
 I dont really
 
 lol most peoples do from time to time. :P\n\nbut anyways. without getting too far in detail since you are happily taken currently. I would love the chance to make you happy. \n\nsooo ...... hows the weather been treating you?
 
 To be honest my goals and where im at changed.
 
 I dont really drink now
 
 I dont have time or money to drink. lol\n\nSo its not that big of a change. lol \n\nbut I would loove to just have a chance. \n\nHowever
 
 like I said
 
 if you are with him 
 
 and happy 
 
 I will not try anything rash. \n\nIf you get to the point of not being happy with him I do think that I can make you happy
 
 we are at similar points in our lives
 
 and have similar goals.
 
 Im sure it would be but i wont ask someone to change just to be with me.
 
 I have been trying to have a chance with you for a long time. lol\n\nand Although I will be respectful of whoever you are with
 
 I do still want a chance
 
 if I ever get lucky enough to get that opportunity.\n\nand no drinking is way way way to easy of a thing to do just to be with you..
 
 There are not and you know it. \n:P
 
 Lol why depressed im suure there a ton of other girls like me out there
 
 Lol x
 
 lol yea. it can haha. well you already know what to do to see if you can fix it. lol\n\nDrink a LOT LOT LOT of water
 
 and you should be able to completely flush that stuff from your system (at least him wise) in like 48 hours.\n\nI really am happy you and Matt are getting along. (a little depressed
 
 but happy for you) :D
 
 \x05\x03\xe3\x02\x02an cause little guy tummy troubles
 
 \x05\x03\xe3\x02\x01I was eating fast kinds junky food
 
 not cooking alot and eating things with alot of garlic too. Plus i was slacking on my water intake. All factor that c
 
 what have you been eating? \n\n(sorry
 
 not trying to pry
 
 but I have been there. lol) Well not physically
 
 that would be weird... \n\nhaha
 
 Yes i did however weve been having tummy troubles with arik so i may have to stop after all :(. Im going to try changing my diet and see if it helps.
 
 soo what did you decide on the breastfeeding? (please tell me you told him to SHOVE it)
 
 \x05\x03\xe2\x02\x02tuff. Other than that i just stay home and clean and cook.
 
 \x05\x03\xe2\x02\x01Those sound like amazingly fun classes! Lol\nNothing else has really been going on
 
 i have orentation tonight for cos school and im figuring out the job s
 
 I hope that the matt thing works out
 
 if you want it too. \n\nIf you are with him and I get back
 
 and you are happy
 
 I will not try anything. I promise.\n\nI am soo happy that school and job stuff is going good
 
 I just started two classes "sociol psychology" and "motivation and leadership" \n\nSounds like fun huh? hehe\n\nSo anything else been going on?
 
 Getting school stuff and job stuff in order
 
 cleaning and just having a cute little family life
 
 Congratulations on the happiness
 
 we all know you deserve it. \n\nI can't wait for the kids to play
 
 its going to be sooooo cute. lol ( I bet Aisen hits on Saundra LMAO) \n\nSo
 
 what has been happening with you?\n\nWith "L"\n\nPhillip
 
 The Breastfeeding stuff.  \n\nOhh.. since we never got to talk on skype... that one thing I wanted to say\n\n\nWas that if I do get a chance with you possibly
 

 
 I will completely stop drinking. I dont drink that much anyways and if I have to pick drinking or you. I pick you
 
 hands down...
 
 The arik stuff?
 
 ok. what about the Arik stuff?\n\nWell.... as long as he doesnt interfere with my Playdate. :P
 
 The job stuff and school stuff
 
 ohh. what did you two talk about?
 
 Pretty good we had a looong talk
 
 Its stressful and I'm dealing..\n\nHow are you and the bf doing?
 
 stressful but good. Hows everything on your end
 
 Sorry Its a day late
 
 I have been sick. \n\nHOw is everything going?
 
 I didnt know you got back together with Matt...  I would have phrased stuff a little differently..\n\nJust know I am here
 
 for whatever you need or want.
 
 HOw did the kids like what "santa" brought?
 
 I hope that the kiddies have an amazing Christmas
 
 and if I could give you something for christmas
 
 It would be a hug. \n\nBut... I dont think I can get there.. lol Soo It will have to be a late christmas present. lol
 
 when you wake up. lol
 
 I know its late there
 
 I hope you get some sleep. \n\nHow is Arik sleeping?\n\nI kinda wish I could just be there so you can get a good nights sleep. \n\nmaybe curled up to me
 
 or with me taking care of them so you get a break. \n\nI can't wait to see you..
 
 That is great. \n\nThe only thing that I want when I see you is a hug
 
 (can i give the babies a hug and a kiss?)\n\nNot asking if I can kiss mommy. (I'm not that cheeky ;) )\n\nI can think about it
 
 but I wont ask. ;)\n\nso
 
 what do you want out of our playdate? if you could think of the perfect day?
 
 Yeah they are
 
 both are happy and healthy :)
 
 I have my crazy hopes. but I'm trying. lol\n\nJust know that I am here
 
 for whatever
 
 whenever.\n\nso the kiddo's still doing good?
 
 Well im glad that would dont have any crazy idea that things will magicallt work out with us
 
 I am not asking for anything. and I wont. \n\nand i also know that since we are only talking online that you will assume that it is easy for me to say anything just to try and get you to have feelings for me. \n\nBut that is also why I am not even thinking about sex or anything. If I can get what I want. all it is is a nice evening with you and the kids
 
 and after they go to bed
 
 a movie
 
 and either falling asleep on the couch together
 
 or... Me sleeping on the couch
 
 and you in your bed
 
 True. Which no promises... Ive got a huge wall up
 
 I am going to be one of those guys around there in a couple months. lol (funny funny)\n\nall I can hope for is to have our 'play date' and see if anything happens.
 
 It is weird how badly you do. I wish just one guy around here would feel that way
 
 I guess if I want a chance with you I will have to prove it before hand.\n\nIf there is anything I can do
 
 please let me know. \n\nI really do want a chance with you. I can't really explain it.
 
 He said the same thing
 
 I do like to drink 
 
 but I can promise that if  I can have a chance with you I will stop drinking all together.
 
 Well the guy and i that broke up worked things out however i had one rule no drinking
 
 and he broke it
 

 
 What happened? are you ok? whats going on?
 
 How's everything going?
 
 So hun. Do you think that
 
 if we get along well enough during our playdate. that it might be ok for me to ask you out for dinner?\n\nI am trying to feel what might be allowed and what would be too much.
 
 Oh goodie. I love talking/chatting with you.\n\nEverything going well?
 
 We can message
 
 i sit at home all day long now so im like never super busy
 
 I am at work all night now
 
 If you get a chance
 
 I would love to chat
 
 or message back and forth..\n\nPhillip
 
 I hope you and the kiddos are doing well\n\n~mwah~\n\nPhillip
 
 the relationship part?\n\nPhillip
 
 How are you doing? How is Arik
 
 and August?\n\nRemember. I want Lots of pictures. \n\nand.. if you haven't had Arik yet. I would appreciate anymore belly pictures you are willing to send me. (sorry pregnant women are sexy
 
 and I love the way you look) \n\n(Not asking for 'provacative' pictures
 
 but those are amazing as well) ;) lol\n\nMwah~\n\nTill I see you in person\n\nPhillip
 
 I really wish any of us could help
 
 but I understand that there is little that we can do other than to be here. and I am here.\n\nand your friends are there. Please know that\n\nMwah~\n\n"L" you babe\n\n-Phillip
 
 ohh babe
 
 I am soo sorry. :(\n\n\nwell at least you get to talk to me? that should make you smile. :D
 
 Waking up at 2 am with contractions isnt fun
 
 I can't wait till the morning. ;)
 
 .. If so 
 
 I hope you have good dreams (hopefully of me :) )  and I hope that August and Aisen let you sleep.\n\nMwah. "L" you  &lt;-- ;) lol\n\nPhillip
 
 wow
 
 I was expecting a funny (FU) lol. this answer is sooo much better. \n\nI promise no one else will see
 
 ok? so please do not worry about that.\n\nMwah\n\nsoo.. what has Aisen been doing recently? since his ears are better
 
 First thing in the morning ill take one
 
 fair enough. haha\n\nso... can I have a nude pic? just one?\n\n:D  ~mwah~
 
 Your allowed to ask i just may not send
 
 am I allowed to? :) I didnt want to sound pushy or disrespectful
 
 Lol you will after this
 
 yummy
 
 the little thumbnail I can see looks amazing
 
 (I'm not going to open it until I get home) (I'm at work. lol)  \n\nI do feel bad for asking for a picture though
 
 but you look amazing. :D\n\nAt least I havent' asked for any other "pictures" 
 
 I feel proud of myself. :D
 
 I got it :)
 
 or it might be under the "1" key options\n\nJust trying to help :D
 
 This might help\n----Standard Keyboard\n1.Locate the "Minus" key on your keyboard. On common QWERTY keyboards
 
 this is located to the right of the "Zero" (0) key above the "P" key.\n2.Press and hold the "Shift" key.\n3.Press the "Minus" key.\n4.Release both keys.\n----Palm Treo Devices and Motorola Qs\n1.Click the small black button below the letter A.\n2.Click the "Shift" key under the "Enter" key. If this doesn't work
 
 repeat Step 1 and then continue through Steps 3 through 5.\n3.Click the letter "S" to get the dash sign.\n4.Click the "Alt" key
 
 to the right of the space bar.\n5.Select the underscore sign.\n----Other Devices\n1.Click the "Alt" key.\n2.Look for the underscore key above one of the letters. For example
 
 on the Blackberry it is the "U" key.\n3.If you cannot find an underscore key
 
 check the manual or check with the manufacturer to learn how to insert symbols on your device. Sometimes inserting an underscore is done by selecting to insert a symbol on your mobile device and selecting the underscore from among the many options.
 
 any luck babe?
 
 that doesnt help. lol (the underscore should be in the same option as !'s 
 
 ?'s etc... ) you may have to turn off the auto type thingy
 
 Some cheap phone cause insurance is sending me a new one
 
 hmm what phone? I'll look up the manual. ;) lol
 
 I took a picture however the dumb phone i have wont let me type an underscore
 
 ohhh
 
 yummy. if you decide to take some for me. apj_elfman@yahoo.com\n\nI loved the bathing suit picture. :D\n\n(nothing I receive will be seen by anyone else. )\n\nyou really do look amazing dear
 
 Hm maybe
 
 Can I have a picture or 5? ;) lol
 
 Shower time
 
 I'll take that as a yes? haha
 
 Lol
 
 because I love everything about you
 
 you like parts of me
 
 that makes us a good match\n\nwe both love kids
 
 and will do anything for them. we both have ambitions and are not afraid to work for them 
 
 need I go on?\n\nOh.. and you are completely attracted to me :D lol
 
 Why do you say that silly
 
 ~mwah~
 
 see
 
 then we are perfect for eachother. :D
 
 To you maybe lol
 
 and the mama part just makes you HOTT!\n\nsorry
 
 that just the way I am. :D
 
 Im a mama thats what we do
 
 haha. See I love you
 
 our "date" caters to the kids
 
 Not many people would be ok with that. The fact that you are is one of your positive qualities
 
 Whatever the kids want honestly. Even if i have to make different foods for each
 
 ok
 
 sounds good. Soo what are we having for dinner?\n\nis it still Macoroni and fish sticks? lol (romantic
 
 dont you think?) ;)
 
 Im not to particular so we can just decide when your here
 
 however. :D the sex would be amazing. Me being this attracted to you from here. I can just imagine there. lol  \n\nsoo what movie are we going to watch? romance
 
 horror
 
 chick-flick
 
 what? Its up to you
 
 Lol well thats good
 
 nope
 
 that is not it. I wanted you back when we "dated" . and if it means anything
 
 I would have no problem dating you with no sex. You are just that amazing and attractive.  Me and not having sex
 
 has nothing to do with my attraction to you. so.. :P
 
 Lol maybe im just a turn on because you havent had sex in so long
 
 it may involve wine? ;)   haha\n\nI looove pregnant women
 
 and you are AMAZING looking and are a total turn-on when  you are pregnant. \n\nany more questions? ;)
 
 Like what
 
 There are a couple other things I want to do also
 
 but... I'll keep those comments to myself. lol
 
 Lol
 
 in a hella good way. :D  I love the way you look and wish I was there to kiss your tummy Ohhhh MWAH~\n\nSo
 
 would you want more kids after August?
 
 Lol i gained weight too :) lol
 
 lol I have gained a little weight from when you knew me. lol but its muscle. \n\nBut I am not gaudy. \n\nhmm. I can't wait to see you
 
 give you a nice hug
 
 and watch a movie. ;)
 
 Not sure lol
 
 is the looking the same a good thing or a bad thing? lol
 
 However from the pictures you look the same
 
 I havent seen you in person yet lol
 
 Its not dumb
 
 everyone need their space. \n\nSoo
 
 does my appearance help at all? Or am I just so amazing that it compensates for the looks? :P haha
 
 Lots of things giving me space when i need it not getting mad about dumb stuff thing like that
 
 well what have I been doing good so far? I need to know so I know what to keep doing.. :D
 
 Thats not all lol
 
 the fact that I dont lie? If that is all I have going for me I need to step up my game. :D haha
 
 The lie factor is the biggest
 
 too much? lol\n\nyou have to be at least a little bit attracted to me to like me
 
 and possibly more. \n\nI am not exactly anything like Tony
 
 so what is it about me?
 
 Lol
 
 You're a red head. HAHA  and you like sex... but mainly the first one. :D\n\n\nand you have amazing...........eyes. ;)
 
 Whats that
 
 oh ok. :D goodie. I might look to see what 5 bedrooms run. lol \n\nhmm.... oh .. do you want to know another good thing about you that makes you irresistable?
 
 No you didnt i just think wed have to see how the kids get along and such.
 
 oh.. ok
 
 Sorry
 
 guess I stepped my (hypothetical boudary)..\n\nHmm....what movie do you want to watch?
 
 We can discuss all that if it happens
 
 lol that is a good enough answer to me :D\n\nsoo. Saundra has her own room
 
 August has his own room
 
  Adam and Aisen share a room
 
 and we get the Master Bedroom.\n\nSound good?
 
 Im not saying anything :)
 
 good I got a laugh
 
 that is better than getting yelled at. \n\nI see the Icy coating starting to melt. lol what do you think?
 
 Lol.
 
 amazing. lol i guess I can give you my love and affection. I hope that is enough. lol\n\nsoo Mrs. Roland-Johnson how has your day been? ;)
 
 Nothing you wouldn have to lol
 
 If you have your engagement ring and wedding set
 
 I was wondering what I would get if/when I propose? (hypothetically) lol
 
 What do you mean
 
 oh
 
 then what do I get you?  So I know :D
 
 Thats part of a wedding set i get my moms second ring set
 
 ohh I love you even more now. lol I was actually talking about an engagement ring
 
 I actually already have my wedding set its a family thing we pass down :)
 
 deal. If you ever get to the set in stone part
 
 I would love to know so I can look for a ring. ;) lol\n\nring size?\nfavorite color?\nstyle?
 
 Lol. Sorta not anything set in stone
 
 so are we making plans now? because if we are
 
 I am ok with that. :D
 
 A year works lol
 
 :) haha. ok we can wait a year. (or however long you want to wait
 
 if you want anymore)
 
 Not that soon!
 
 well maybe I can add another one when I get there. :D haha \n\nI meant a little bit above the baby. :P
 
 Lol i already have a kicking baby in my tummy
 
 If you get bored
 
 you should look at houses for rent in Tucson Arizona. You might get a warm
 
 fuzzy feeling in your tummy. :D
 
 so I will see if I can find a house with a pool (any excuse to see you in a bathing suit again is more than enough reason for me. )
 
 Absolutly i love swimming
 
 lol soo
 
 "we" are going to party huh? ;) ;) goodie. lol\n\nsooo
 
 (funny question)  if you could pick
 
 would you want a pool in your backyard? (a real one)
 
 Im sure well have a blast when we hang out and so will the kids
 
 so
 
 we are still on for our playdate
 
 as well as the kids playdate. I really wish I could call you right now. I would love to hear your voice. but I am at work. :(\n\nMwah ..\n\nCan't wait to see you hun
 
 Yea
 
 Does that sound ok?
 
 Ll
 
 I do not give up easy. and Since I know that my feelings arent completely unwanted
 
 I will continue to give them willingly
 
 Sorry its just not something i do easily
 
 Ok
 
 I'll have to try harder.
 
 then you are perfect. (no cheating
 
 I hate the idea of divorce) we are perfect. :D
 
 Please keep me updated
 
 how are you and the babies doing?\n\nwell
 
 talk to you later
 
 hopefully\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 I understand
 
 and I have said my side of that and what I am willing/wanting if you would want/allow it. \n\nBut that is all to be seen
 
 and until then I am here for support
 
 in whatever form you allow.\n\nYou don't have to do it alone...\n\n\nAny updates on August? (just wondering)
 
 I know. Im just very tired of disappointment and doing this alone
 
 I do understand that you have had bad luck with men
 
 but please do not shut us out completely. Not just talking about me
 
 but everyone. You will find one when you least expect it.
 
 Ok i will
 
 Please please please keep me updated. And if you need anything (anything at all) I will do my best. \n\nK?\n\nMwah
 
 No idea yet alot of scary unknowns right now.
 
 omg dear
 
 any remedies? extra vitamins
 
 etc...?  \n\nwhats going on./?
 
 I just recently found out augusts kidneys arent developing properly
 
 We are dealing.. What has been going on with you hun? I hope you are well
 
 Im ok. Just doing alot of changing. How are you and the kids?
 
 Are you ok? \nJust checking on you.\n\nMwah\n\nttyl  (hopefully)\n\nPhillip
 
 you are a caring person so you shouldn't be amazed. just remember that there are people out there that care about you (not just me) a lot of people. use those people and make sure you let them help if you need it
 
 Hey.
 
 we are both aware that I would like to try and see if more is there. but like I said
 
 I would rather be a friend then nothing. And just for the record
 
 I can be an ex and a friend. just so you know. So don't worry about that part. I hope your day gets better... Mwah
 
 I wasn't saying that there was. When I get back
 
 the kids will play and hopefully we will hang out. that is all I am hoping for. If more comes
 
 then more comes.  I am not getting my hopes too high
 
 so dont worry hun.. Just know that you are very attractive and intelligent and do not deserve what people have put you through. you deserve soooo sooo much more
 
 And again i understand that but i have no idea if there is even anything there between us
 
 and dont be mad
 
 you deserve it too. and hopefully you get it  (****I would love to give it to you****) &lt;---not trying to push or come  on strong
 
 So.. I'll stop that talk. I just needed you to know.. :D
 
 hun
 
 this will sound like too much too fast
 
 and I dont mean it to. but I do like you 
 
 a lot
 
 and would love the opportunity to show you what a responsible male parental figure for a child should be. And I would love to show you how you should be treated.\n\nUntil (if ever) I am given permission to try and show you that
 
 I will be the best friend I can be and help you in whatever way I can.
 
 \x05\x03?\x02\x02e same age as aisen and are doing great and honestly all it did was make me mad
 
 \x05\x03?\x02\x01I understand tat and i appreciate it im just having issues with the situation in general. I met a couple yesterday that are my age and they have a kid th
 
 I guess I'll leave you alone hun
 
 you seem a little edgy. \n\nI really hope that everything gets better
 
 and please remember that I am here
 
 and would like to be there
 
 and I will help in any way I can. \n\nRemember that
 
 K?
 
 Nope
 
 Whats going on?  Anything I can help with?
 
 Everything is about as good as i can expect it to be right now and the boys are both good
 
 Are you ok? Whats going on? I hope everything is alright..\n\nHows Aisen
 
 August and you?
 
 for accepting this me. lol \nIt means if you wanna chat while I am working you will be able to :D
 
 That's okay
 
 Lol i remember
 
 He gets distracted
 
 Yea... Not sure hed make a good girl in charge lol
 
 Yea well someone has to be
 
 Fun... Sounds like you are the girl incharge lol
 
 Moving Alex
 
 Planning a wedding
 
 Working.
 
 So what have you been up to?
 
 Cool
 
 Ive got some great professors here.  Dr edward reid was just elected school director.  I had a private lesson with 100 yr old horn player fred fox last semester. And my current trumpet instructor is jason carder (amazing jazz play)
 
 I always preferred the harmony parts
 
 I don't have the consistent high range and one of our pieces had me on high A for 5 meaures of syncopated rythems. Straight lol\n\nIts fun. But i dont like the pressure lol i really enjoyed 2nd chair
 
 I never was first chair. And I couldn't say if Alex liked it or not. I think he did
 
 I was (somehow) principal chair in one of the lower bands even though i hadnt played my trumpet in line 7 years before this semester lol\n\nI do not like being principal chair haha
 
 That's great
 
 Im finally in college lol. Im in my second semester.\n\nMusic education and computer programming majors
 
 We're doing fine
 
 How have youbtwo been?
 
 Hello
 
 Hey girly
 
 Hey babe
 
 Mwah! wish I could make your day better. :) anything I can do?\n
 
 I really like that arch. and it has a pool?
 
 there you go hun
 
 http://www.tucsonrealestateandhomesforsale.idxco.com/idx/4818/details.php?idxID=129&amp;listingID=21119433
 
 oh ok cool\ngo for it
 
 wanted to show you the picture of the house I am going to try and buy in July
 
 um yes. why?
 
 you at a computer?
 
 hi\n
 
 hey girl
 
 :P
 
 yea i know. its not.\n
 
 ohhh  fuuuuu~n  lol
 
 engineering fundamentals\n
 
 what class?
 
 its meh. just annoying really. i don't understand how to do part of it\nbut oh well\n
 
 aww.... I'm sorry dear... I hope the homework isnt too bad
 
 kc\n
 
 oww
 
 I'm sorry hunny.... I wish it was better
 
 where was alex at?
 
 the break was nice. I like not having to do anything. and being able to see my family. but alex wasn't here. :( and then now im stressed out a bit with the homework i neglected. also stupid stuff with a club im in. im treasurer
 
 never wanted to be was just volunteered. and im sick of it and dont want to do it. but i still have to. stressed cuz kitty is sick. and i still have housework to do.. =( just not a good day today
 
 how are you doing deary?
 
 hello\n
 
 hola
 
 Soooo 
 
 you are going to be my Calc II and Physics tudor in 2012 right? :)
 
 so how are you and the Mr doing? any better?
 
 so i was sugar and caffeine high
 
 i had mocha with espresso instead of coffee
 
 lol. 
 
 we still got to go drink. :)
 
 doing any better?
 
 I looo ve   caffeine. 
 
 nice. how much caffiene?
 
 got a caffeine rush lol
 
 how are you?
 
 hello\n
 
 Good Morning deary
 
 :P
 
 glad I could make you laugh
 
 bahahahaha!!! this cracked me up like none other
 
 hey hey hey
 
 I loove your cute pussy.. can I pet it? rofl     cute kitty
 
 haha you... drunk... FUN!
 
 haha if you like
 
 lol well
 
 if I make it through Ok again. I can grab some stuff and we  can chill at yours
 
 
 
 gotta convince alex lol. he doesn't really drink. i don't think he wants to spend money if he doesn't know if he likes it. 
 
 we can still drink at your house if you wanted to drink .lol haha
 
 lol I'm still not 21
 
 soo how much are we drinking?
 
 Lol maybe
 
 I dont piss you off? hmm... guess I  better work on that. ROFL. so what would we go see
 
 or where would we go drink
 
 or or or or. 
 
 I would like to do something with you if you ever come back to OK. maybe a movie or something. you ARE my friend. and you dont piss me off nearly as much as other "friends"
 
 aww... ok
 
 that changes the meaning COMPLETELY. lmao
 
 lol
 
 no that was my computer being slow
 
 insert it above your comment
 
 I'm bored
 
 ?  what? lol Did I miss something or did I interpret that right?
 
 my point exactly
 
 hmm... sooo    what are we doing if I ever get back through Ok? 
 
 -_-; i know. 
 
 sounds like my 4 year old. lmao
 
 yea. i know. he doesnt talk about much. except if its something he really wants to talk about. or if hes hungry (which means cranky)
 
 tell him
 
 its the only way he will get it
 
 we all know he's not big on 'hints'
 
 plus he doesnt do much for me. he cooks only because im not home in time to cook. same with the cleaning. he's only doing it for himself
 
 but it benefits me i guess. but other than just regular meals and stuff
 
 he doesn't do anything truly 'nice' or 'romantic' but wants me to do a bunch of stuff for him. its like
 
 we've been together for so long he doesn't think he needs to do anything nice for me. like bake me cookies. or buy me flowers. or something like that. 
 
 his interaction with people has always been a little 'off'. and part of a good relationship is knowing when you aren't gonna get any. 
 
 and then ive been sick recently
 
 and was soooo not "in the mood" and that frustrated him. I'm sorry. if you jostle me too much im going to throw up on you. thats not very attractive. -_-; 
 
 my uncle died
 
 and alex wasn't very respectful to my family. they were trying to be nice to him but he clammed up in the corner and would ignore them
 
 lmao. you and you little play friends. hehe
 
 and i can't slap her sadly. cuz shes in my sorority (now. a new girl) and then my cosplay group. and cosplays with me. and yada yada yada. its like because she has some of the same friends as me and thats the only reason i tolerate her. plus her new bf is cool. the old one i wanted dead.
 
 lol
 
 so anyways
 
 what is going on with you and Alex?
 
 but i mean
 
 its like its not harder
 
 because it goes all right in the end. but just the suspense freaks me out
 
 and you should just smack a bitch
 
 Well deary
 
 higher level college is supposed to be a little harder. lol 
 
 im right there. a little freaked out by a few of my classes
 
 before the curve and all
 
 so it  freaks me out
 
 engineering stresses me out. like all my classes
 
 i get lower grades than i want
 
 but then it all turns out great with curves!
 
 well ive come to the point with this girl that she's just not worth my time and effort anymore. I'll do the minimum i need to keep her and her cronies off my case. -_-; i vent a lot about her.\n
 
 well I am here to vent. so use me
 
 abuse me
 
 and dont think twice. ;) haha
 
 but im going to get my haircut tomorrow :) or well
 
 trimmed/styled. my hair is too short to really "cut"
 
 oh just pissed at someone. frustrated actually not pissed. i want to be rid of her but I can't be rid of her for several reasons. i think she feels the same way towards me. but whatever. plus
 
 my uncle died a week ago
 
 so im still a little frazzled about that. then classes are stressful. ive reached the point of i dont give a flipping fuck. alex and i are a tiny bit rocky. at times. he does things that are disrespectful to my family
 
 i don't give him enough "attention" yada yada. it will all settle out eventually im sure. im going to kc next weekend so planning all that. im tired. stressed. frustrated. don't want to be here (in class). don't want to do homework (i have a lot still to do) \n=( 
 
 yup yup
 
 I'm on line hun whats up?
 
 are you really online?\n
 
 Aloha
 
 http://forum.literotica.com/showthread.php?t=749673
 
 You would get that anyway in your situation you are just letting her use them as a weapon.. I hate people.. I don't care what happened between terry and I or why we will never be together.. But I want my kids to have their dad because unlike her he actually cares about them. I grew up in a divorced family so I know what it can be like for the kids and I don't want my girls to feel some of the pain I did. 
 
 I know that I am a pushover
 
 but I do have the upper hand
 
 and am getting everything that matters... So I just have to deal.
 
 I know I am lucky and grateful even if she makes me feel awful all the time
 
 you have your mom (even though you dont get along)  I have noone to come over
 
 and with the schedule I cannot leave. I have looked into everything at the next base. what I will need
 
 to do
 
 etc...
 
 Its an excuse but I understand I tried to do the same thing
 
 I do not have someone to help with the kids. I know I am a pushover
 
 but it is a means to an end...
 
 Basically and you let her run your life
 
 Even if we could be together and wanted to be together
 
 we can't because I am married
 
 and (basically) crazy. \n\nwell
 
 that is the short explanation
 
 I don't know if you do get it
 
 I have no one else. I have a cheating wife that is never home
 
 and thats it.  the British girl is going to the states to be with her Ex. bf\n\nSo. Its just me and the (soon-to-be-ex)\n\nBut I get your point
 
 But you aren't all here right now and that is the problem.. I don't want to be the other girl.. I want to be the only one
 
 I know. and... yea we both know....   I really do hope that you end up happy
 
 I really really do.\n\n(and if by some chance you want me. I'm here) (but you knew that. lol)
 
 I just want a REAL healthy relationship and obviously that isn't close to what we might have had.. I am tired of running and taking what I can get here and there waiting for someone to want only me.. I've always had that and I've been running from it for 9 years
 
 well maybe it was 99% a joke. lol
 
 Ha.      Ha.      Ha.  
 
 :( ok. \n\nwhatever you want and or feel comfortable with.\n\n(JOKING.... Quicky for the road?)
 
 That's not what I mean exactly but I understand the kids thing.. I do have some of those.. Anyway I am thinking maybe might start leaning towards probably not..
 
 I would come to you
 
 the whole issue is the kids... trust me
 
 your bed is more comfortable then Mine. lol
 
 Not sure if I want to do that yet.. I'm working on finding a guy who will come to me and not make me come to him.. I think I am just going to be alone until I get back to the states and get to see my john again.. 
 
 good. \ncuz cuddly me should make you smile
 
 then curl up into me and fall asleep
 
 Sometimes
 
 ohh
 
 dont I make you smile?
 
 I don't think that will help.
 
 Ohh. I'm sorry you are sick.  Try and be chipper
 
 just think of me. lol That will make you smile and you know it. :D
 
 Yeah I knew you weren't coming I just wanted to let you know. I am going to try and be cheerful for mom tomorrow. I think we are all sick anyway.
 
 No car. Marissa took it because me and them had planned on staying in.
 
 Mom doesn't want to be alone with me cause we are used to lots of people and we aren't really getting along. She told me to ask you to bring your food and your kids here.. She must be desperate
 
 You could always go to work this weekend. ;) lol\n\nI just bought the stuff for me and the kids.  We are having Ham
 
 Mashed potatoes
 
 and a brocolli cheese casserole. (I am sorry)\n\nIt is the first Thanksgiving that will be just me and them (I want to see if I can do it) I was never very good at holidays. \n\n\n(I am still available for a cuddle~only~ buddy)
 
 So mom wants me to invite you and the kids so its not just us. I don't want to celebrate at all and she is giving me the guilt trip about how I would rather spend it with my dad and I haven't done thanksgiving with her in years. I hate how she is this time of year and I don't feel festive.. We will probably fight all weekend because I can't escape her.
 
 http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/32388708/ns/technology_and_science-science/
 
 Been awhile haha. How have u been
 
 Happy US day :)
 
 hey girly
 
 I have new pics of my kiddos up :)
 
 Good evening
 
 I'd be more than wanting to help cheer you up if i was in town. :)
 
 thank you!! im happy though
 
 dont get down about it
 
 you are still gorgeous hun. :)  
 
 I'm sorry... or congrats... (on the singleness) whichever applies better hun
 
 whats up girly
 
 having fun and staying out of trouble? lol
 
 win the Lottery yet? lol
 
 hmm.. then you ask me a question.. so I can gauge. lol
 
 No there ate just things that I'd prefer not to talk about 
 
 apparently I am good at offending you. lol
 
 ok? lol
 
 Ok well keep thy question to yourself 
 
 hmm... my random question of the day (likely to be followed by more) is..\nDo you prefer to be more dominant or submissive? (always wondered)
 
 wow deary
 
 that is sooooo informative. HAHA...\nhmm.. fine.. I'll just start with the questions then.. if I offend I aplogize.. lol I'm bored at work. 
 
 It depends 
 
 I was just asking how easily you are offended. lol
 
 hun
 
 I'm a couple miles away.. and I'm not trying to jump you.. so calm down. HAHA
 
 lol
 
 I didn't ask if you were
 
 No I'm not in an open relationship 
 
 also.. I forgot.. how easily are you offended?
 
 love my gf
 
 we're in a nice open relationship
 
 and we both know neither of us is going anywhere. :)
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&amp;NR=1&amp;v=GghZY6UjriU  I think you would get a kick out of this video  humorous singing comedian
 
 5? Hmm wow
 
 so. ya.. lol catch up. HAHA
 
 three of them are biologically mine
 
 I have 5
 
 Hmm catch up to you??? I have 3 kids crazy
 
 you trying to catch up to me?  lol
 
 so.. any more kiddos in your future? lol
 
 what? lol  you konw its true ;) ROFL
 
 Ha ha\n
 
 congrats. :)  about time you found a good one
 
 and since I'm not there you have to find a different one ;) lol
 
 Life is great so far so good. Seeing an amazing guy
 
 Army still treating you well?
 
 money sucks as alwasy.. just had 500$ jacked from my account (fun fun fun)\nhows life
 
 love
 
 and finances hun?
 
 Not bad..hows life
 
 Good morning
 
 how is LV treating you today hun?
 
 everything still going good for you in the life
 
 love
 
 and finances areas?
 
 good afternoon dear
 
 hope everythings going good fo ryou hun
 
 having a wonderful Friday?
 
 hows everything going deary?
 
 mornin girly
 
 hey girly :)
 
 Hey gorgeous
 
 good morning. Hows your world?
 
 good afternoon deary
 
 lmao lol
 
 I have my reasons
 
 lol you aren't gonna step on any toes hun
 
 we are just waiting on the divorce to finalize
 
 we agree on everything. lol so you definately wont offend me.  I was just curious. lol
 
 I'm not doing the gossip thing ill just keep it to myself
 
 Hey girl. what didnt you like about Marissa. lol
 
 txt me. 913-69-0172
 
 why aren't you sure you like her? lol I heard she went to a BBQ with you. lol
 
 Ha ha sooo funny..not looking for one..but I've gotten to know your ex an yeah I'm not to sure I like her
 
 house the 'bf' hunt going in LV?  lol find any keepers yet? lol
 
 fun stuff. 
 
 works good
 
 can't really complain (except I hate blues on monday. lol)  Have you looked at going active anymore?\nBought a house 5 bed 2100SqFt 150K
 
 Its good like the military hate work...hbu
 
 hows work
 
 and the military treatin you currently hun?
 
 wha? :)
 
 Haha
 
 Stunning new profile pic deary
 
 having fun? lol
 
 hows your day going?
 
 fun fun. ohh.. btw
 
 my ex just moved back to lv. haha
 
 Yeah
 
 you still at Heatron?
 
 :)
 
 K
 
 ahh.. ok
 
 well text me when you get off work
 
 I would love to help if I can :)  913-669-0172\n
 
 I'm working 
 
 just fine. lol you are sooo talkative today deary lol :P ;)
 
 I'm fine
 
 I just worry about people
 
 and I love to help. :)  \nSo how is everything going with you?\nbf
 
 jobs
 
 and money overall?
 
 I know
 
 and I know you work for your money hun. Wasn't tyring to insenuate anything different. :)
 
 You know me dear
 
 I dont do freebies
 
 so dont worry about 'taking' money from me. THeres a repayment process. haha\nand you are very welcome
 
 I just worry about friends and people I know
 
 especially when it comes to their kiddos. you know that.\nand 'just tryin to make ends meat' .. how are you doin overall on money?
 
 I'm ok but thank you. I'm just trying to make ends meet but I work for my shit
 
 How are you doing on money?  I'm just curious
 
 I know you are getting it from both ends with the Child support
 
 I just wanted to know if there was any way I could help you dear. :)
 
 Hows the army treatin you dear?
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 I hope things get better fast for you. 
 
 how the Army treatin you lil miss?
 
 morning
 
 hey girly
 
 wanna grab a drink when I'm in town? I'll be there fromt he 2nd to the 10th feb
 
 How was your Christmas with your kiddos
 
 :P
 
 hola
 
 hows work? and thanksgiving?
 
 good morning
 
 Hey girly. How is everything in your world? Military
 
 work
 
 kids
 
 bf
 
 food
 
 etc... etc..
 
 so whats been going on with you deary?
 
 dealing. trying to finalize my divorce
 
 and all that fun stuff. 
 
 It sure is..how about u
 
 Everything sitll going alright for you hun?
 
 Hey girly
 
 hows Leavenworth? and the bf's cooking. lol
 
 I'm in Arizona now. getting settled
 
 you know the fun stuff. any new bfs? 
 
 not too bad...how r you?\n
 
 Hows the Army treating you hun?
 
 Hopfully I'm a pleasant change of pace then. and as opposed to most people in LV I am not trying to get in your pants. (nice idea) but not trying... \n\nDinner/Lunch and a drink or something is that.. dinner/lunch and a drink. haha
 
 lmao
 
 haha... wasn't going for McDonalds
 
 or Burger King... I feel sorry for you with the type of people taking you out. \n\nwhat is your favorite resturant?
 
 and we both know I would love to take you out. :P
 
 ME!
 
 lmao name one that isnt
 
 about your status a couple days ago about people wanting to take you out..... \n\nwell.. if I ask you out. I would want to pick you up
 
 take you out to dinner
 
 maybe some drinks afterwards
 
 then drop you off at your house.. :)  \n\nSmile hun.. Not everyone is an ass. :)
 
 haha I see you don't trust me. :P but a massage is not me trying to get any.. wear a bathing suit whatever.  I like giving massages :P and haven't given one in awhile
 
a nd woul spend some time iwth you
 
 been awhile.
 
 good... so drinks
 
 poker
 
 what else? \n\nI'm leaving it up to you to find some people for poker\n(preferrably that don't hate me. HAHA)
 
 We can
 
 Finally got my orders
 
 so I should be in LV in a couple weeks. we still chillin'?
 
 wow
 
 at least he kept his mouth shut. haha that is 'unusual' for him
 
 Nothing at all...I had to wait on him...e knew who I was though looked like he wanted to say something but he kept his mouth shut as he should have
 
 haha
 
 I'm sorry hun. What did he say?
 
 Just sewn ur dad about an hour ago
 
 that is Soooooo .
 
..... informative. lol\n\nso whats up?
 
 Gay
 
gay
 
and gay
 
 HOws life
 
 love
 
 and Work?
 
 Hows work going?
 
 well I haven't had any complaints.. even from my soon to be ex' she just wants to be single and not be tied down with kids
 
 \n\nhmm... ohh the ideas
 
 that I kinda want to think about. ;) ..... you should get some sleep. and you owe me a couple questions
 
 Ummm I like it on top but if its done right ill take bottom
 
 ok
 
 fair enough.. \n\nYour turn for a question... Dont care what..\n\nhmm favorite 'position' \n\nSorry its 6am and I'm bored.. and.. well 'something else' but  I'm trying to be good.
 
 I don't want to settle down right now
 
 I think you said yes? lol (Lot of stuff going on
 
 I apologize for my bad memory currently... )\n\nhmm.. that means I have to ask again. haha\n\nare you looking to settle down
 
 anytime in the near future?
 
 Yes u have asked me
 
 soo you would be the settle down type? (did I interpret that right?)\n\n\nNot sure if I asked before.. Did I ask you if I could take you out to dinner?
 
 I don't know what to ask
 
 I'm not wild
 
 soo
 
 would that mean you are  the wild single type? or the settle down type? lol\n\nYour turn to ask me another question hun. :) lol
 
 I am ok with dateing someone with kids and the military thing I just know from experience I'm not the dateing material. As I would put it
 
 becuase I have always found you attractive
 
 and you have turned your life around from the last time I saw you
 
 (which like I said
 
 a plan/ambitions is a turn on) you have kids
 
 (sorry
 
 I like moms :) lol )\nYou can hold a steady conversation.. a lot of reasons hun...\n\nhmm my turn...\n\nwould you be ok with the idea of being a Military wife? (granted.. you are currently in the military
 
 so it would be dual mil)\n\nAre you ok with the idea of dating someone with kids?
 
 Why on earth are u interested in me?
 
 Trust me.. I know I can put up with your mood swings.. I put up with my wifes. lol\n\nTurn on's ... nice body
 
 ability to have a civilized conversation
 
 ambition
 
 Faithful in a relationship
 
 people ready to settle down in a real relationship (I'm too old and have too much responsibility to play games) goals
 
 (a good sex drive is a bonus ;) )\n\nTurn off's... Cheating
 
 'dizzy blonde syndrome' or people who cannot have a regular conversation\n\nSoo that is most of mine..\n\nAsk me a random question.. :)
 
 Idk what they r I like good teeth sensitive but tough men..someone that can put up with my mood swings lol....shit Idk what r yours
 
 he is actually fighting? I would've figured he would have been happy to be hands off... \n\nI know that if Marissa changes her mind I will fight tooth and nail to get mine (currently she has agreed to give up all rights)
 
 but I am an entirely different type of person then he is.\n\nOk bored.... soooo.... \nwhat are your..\nTurn on's \nTurn off's
 
 Not right now I don't I'm fighting to keep the ones I do have
 
 You have a job that pays enough.. ;) we both work for the same person. HAHA\n\nSooo... Odd question. do you want anymore kids?\n\nI'm in the middle of my 12 hour shift. and its 2:35am haha
 
 at least i got the number right
 
 lol I am hoping for 2-3 more kids at a minimum. I love kids. \nand I love pregnant women (I know I'm weird) \n\nbut I know I'm probably bugging you
 
.\n\nSo go get some sleep hun. \n\nMwah\n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. Figure out where you would like me to take you to dinner
 
 if I am allowed to take you out
 
 Thanks
 
 I hope the weather gets better and good luck with the 'ex'
 
 nope not yet
 
 and no not looking for or need a new husband
 
 Thats good. and are you just ignoring my humorous joke on purpose? lol\n\nSo
 
 have they given you the possibility of deployment for your rate?\n\nwhat is your in and out timeline looking like?
 
 They r with me right now
 
 haha still no comment on the hubby comment. :P :P :P \noh yea.. you have the truck . lol\n\nso what have you been up to?\nand where are the kids currently? (just wonderin')
 
 I did fine in the snow four wheel drive
 
 I promise I wasn't trying to pry
 
 I'm sorry hun. .\n\nAnyways. We still have to figure what we are doing. lol\n\nHow did you fair with the snow..?
 
 it was years ago
 
 so I dont remember
 
 to be honest. ..\n\nand you never answered the 'husband' question LMFAO
 
 who told you that. and yes some of it is true
 
 but this is the past and i really dont care to talk about it
 
 was there anything to that rumor of you and Carl and the credit card thing?\n\nSorry... just curious...\n\n\noh.. and... haha do you want a husband? ;) lol
 
 yup
 
 go ahead
 
 ask away
 
 ouch...  this is Colby correct? (just trying to keep everything straight)\n\ncan I ask you a personal question from a rumor I heard a long time ago?
 
 lets see i have to pay child support until another child investigation is over with
 
 thanks to him
 
 Hows the kiddo stuff going? and what happened?
 
 Lol k
 
 well.... (joking) Mil + Mil = FUN Paycheck. lol\n\n\nbut hey
 
 we will at least grab dinner.
 
 I do to but I'm not rushing things
 
 (picture comment)\n\nYea hun
 
 I haven't been to the US since March of 2008. lol So I miss it\n\nNow all I need to do is finalize getting rid of my wife
 
 and then find my next (and last) wife. I hate being alone.
 
 OH... btw. lol if I was drunk I would be hitting on you :P haha
 
 No I'm not drunk
 
 I am bored and at work. lol\n\nand I have a shitty memory. lol :P :P\n\nWhy no bf?
 
 No bfs and r u drunk its like the 3rd time today you've asked me how I was
 
 well woman... think..\n\nanyways
 
 any bfs? or are you singleing it?\n\n:P\n\nHOw is everything going for you?
 
 Cuz idk
 
 Good to hear. you still haven't said what we are doing when I get in town. :P
 
 not too bad
 
 How's everything
 
 Sooooo yeah... Mom's friend is coming over to make dinner tonight... Hope you are sleeping
 
 Ohhh ok. lol
 
 After pt 
 
 at 830?? isn't that a little late?
 
 Lol I am getting dressed to walk to work
 
 yippee you said hi. lol
 
 Morning
 
 Morning. ;)
 
 http://www.keepsakebowling.com/Template.mvc/StartConfig/1307\n\nhehehe. Yum...
 
 Lol he took it
 
 crush
 
 break
 
 destroy it. lol
 
 Yeah I've seen them terry has one lol
 
 they have a plaque as well. nice little award on the wall. lol maybe a necklace.
 
 I don't like jewelry
 
 I want at least my 300 ring. lol (need something to take up that empty "finger" lol)
 
 Lol don't really care
 
 either. Kinda want one. lol\n\n\nbut I also want a 300 triplicate as well. HAHA
 
 Nope
 
 well
 
 at least you got your average. on one. lol\n\nSoo. Have you ever gotten a "triplicate" ?
 
 139 120 86 lol (139 avg)
 
 fun fun. and you bowled... 111
 
 102
 
 145. (150 avg) lol ??
 
 She bowled 107 90 96 (89 avg)
 
 so she bowled a 75? (50 over average? LOL)
 
 Nope mom did well though :)
 
 well
 
 that's not good. :P
 
 Lol no I sucked
 
 fun fun.. so... you bowl a 270?
 
 6/8
 
 Did you guys take all 6?
 
 I hope you got some sleep... My head is spinning like crazy right now.. Boys are trouble.. Yay for bowling!
 
 I understand. .. ... I do hope you find that person. and if/when you do. just tell me and I will disappear in the current form. :D leaving now.. time for bed
 
 I understand your situation completely but it does bother me... Does that make sense? Someday I want to be with someone who can be with me... All the time..
 
 getting ready to head home in a couple minutes. Fun Fun FUn
 
 that doesn't seem to bother you too much :P lol hehe
 
 Well be offended but you are both still married and so not actually single :p
 
 oh really? I think me and him are offended by that "actual single" statement. :P
 
 I might be the perfect candidate but I am fairly certain that won't ever happen.. I can't wait to get to the states and find some actual single guys to date ;) 
 
 lol bet he knew that they were watching before he did it. lol\n\nHe found wife number two.. ;) HAHA
 
 Sunday we all went to mcdonalds and the commissary and then we came back and when I was getting the groceries out of the car he came up behind me and smacked my butt really hard lol I yelled and then realized one of the neighbors was standing outside looking... Embarrassing 
 
 you could make his day. lol ;)
 
 ohh and you don't wan him? HAHAHAHA
 
 I know he would ;) :p 
 
 fun fun no more therapy...\n\nand I think Jon would love "company" LMFAO lol HAHA
 
 I know you were making a joke and maybe it will be nice to get away to the quiet.. This should be my last physical therapy appointment.. And I am sure we will find the ipod no problem
 
 I was making a joke since he moved farther away from your mum
 
 you two have "private" time. LMAO\n\nphysical therapy.. Boooo\n\nIpod... ouchies
 

 

 

 
 Don't think the squadron will replace that. LOL
 
 Lol I was referring to the comments about jon. Anyway hebrew is boring and morgan lost my ipod. I have physical therapy in a little bit.. Might go to stonehenge this weekend.. 
 
 umm.... no why?  I'm sorry hun. I am on mids
 
 and bouncing between the kids and sleeping to get ready for shift I am not normally online that much. and... I wasn't going to wake you up when I got to work with a "blinking.... red light" lol\n\nSoo... how's work? :P
 
 You trying to run me off?
 
 Huh?! :p
 
 hehe. well at least your mum can't sneak in and surprise you two "cuddling" ;) hahaha
 
 I'm so exhausted.. Helping someone move is exhausting.. Now I have to drive to west row if I wanna hang out with jon
 
 yea... maybe.... TBD... lol
 
 You have to find a way for him to let out some energy and creativity
 
 yea pretty much. lol I get it cleaned up and then he does it again. then i went to bed. lol
 
 I haven't heard from you since yesterday.. Just wanted to make sure you didn't get lost in Adam's mess :)
 
  soo any iodeas'
 
 poor guy
 
 Nope
 
 intersting.. doe3s he believe what we do at al?
 
 Yes. He is a southern baptist
 
 Does the Mr. Know that you were.are.  widdaqn
 
 so am I LMFAO.. I have no soal.. but I'm sure you mnwo that. lol
 
 I know right? I have heard I am Satan
 
 but... unstudied are hard to 'convince"
 
 I mean studying. Since I was 13
 
 I got advice from downtown
 
 same as what we are talking abougt..
 
 same here. 
 
 I have been for awhile
 
 I haven't acutally studied since like 2007
 
 Yea...
 
 I've thought of that.. however we have 4 inexperienced witches/warlocks (we are all out of practicce) and we are hesitant to piss off the boiler room spirit)
 
 Magick Brew For Exorcism\n                  \nIngredients:\n\xb7         4 tbsp. boneset\n\xb7         3 sprigs of holy thistle\n\xb7         Handful of angelica\n\xb7         4 oz. horehound\n\xb7         Pinch of salt\n\xb7         3 parts sandalwood\n\xb7         3 roots of mandrake\nBrew and sprinkle to all four corners of the house to drive away evil.
 
 Ok...so no to the potion and no to the salt...give me a sec to think.
 
 It has only pissed the boiler room spirit off
 
 so I ddnt have to go purchase
 
 I only use sea salt on myu food
 
 done that. 
 
 Use sea salt(or kosher) and line the room including all openings(vents too) and after doing so
 
 tell him in a firm confident voice
 
 "I need you too leave. You have passed and are not welcome and need to leave now!"
 
 If you want another way.
 
 I've been critisized too much
 
 I dislike talking about 'wiccan" when I'm sober)
 
 )
 
 (please excuse my typosd
 
 so the front door opening is working thusfar.
 
 the kiddo  listens when treated as a child
 
 we have Saged the whole house. (all it did is piss off the boiler room
 
 Thats a potion. Id do it around the entry way and stairs of the room. If you do it that way(in the potion it may rid you of the little girl)
 
 Purpose: To protect yourself and/or loved ones from all types of harm.\nWear gloves when mixing and using. You will need to combine in a jar or bottle.\nIngredients:\n\xb7         \xbd cup of spring water\n\xb7         1 teaspoon vervain\n\xb7         2 tablespoons sea salt\n\xb7         2 tablespoons frankincense\n\xb7         2 tablespoons myrrh\nSprinkle water very lightly around home indiscreet places (i.e. in closets) and anoint the bottom of your shoes and those of loved ones. Dispose of remainder immediately after use.
 
 Or even not a spirit.
 
 Ok. You need to get the spirit out of the boiler room. It sounds vengeful or angry.
 
 (sorry abo tthe typos  pleas read between the lines)_
 
 and the boiler room is seperate
 
 that thekid followed me
 
  I thinkg (based onm talkind to my mum)
 
 no the kiddo isn't in the boiler room 
 
 ??
 
 I get you. So is the child in the boiler room too?
 
 My kids like to try to start my cars
 
 since they are special ed
 
 it is dangerous wth my kids
 
 the child I dont have an issue with as long as he/she will stop opening my padlocked door at 3am.
 
 and if you get down the stairs causes bad dream in childsand adults
 
 (We have a ghost here that I love him. He seems good and makes Cj laugh)
 
 as well as a dark spirit inthe boiler room that is literally harsh
 
 makes it hard to walk down thes stairs. 
 
 Do you want the child gone?
 
 and m;y new house has a child (that opens padlocked doors
 
 and moves items)
 
 I have been being followed in the form of perpetual bad luck for over 5 years..
 
 Thats my guess lol. Normally people come to me over that
 
 Spirits?
 
 as in?
 
 so I'm looking for second/third opinions..
 
 having some 'issues' in my house... and with me..
 
 Ok why?
 
 hows the baby?
 
 bore.d..
 
 I guess
 
 I'm trying to sell my cadillac up here. so I can get a smaller gas saver because it looks like next year I'll have to make at least 3 200mile round trip trips a week. lol
 
 fun fun.. 
 
 Ya. Baby clothes. Woo hoo...
 
 at least thats making moneys. 
 
 Yea. But forgot I have to meet a few people to sell stuff too in less than an hour...
 
 you have fun at least?
 
 Yup. Tired but late night with the sister
 
 good. 
 
 We are fine
 
 you and the little one doing good?
 
 just giong.. .whats wrong?
 
 Its going
 
 how is the world giong in nycki's world?
 
 I'm sorry it I offended you. I wasn't trying too. honest...
 
 Just know that no ill-intent was meant ok?
 
 wheter its an actual $$ repayment plan
 
 or something else..
 
 None
 
 ideas
 
 thoughts
 
 etc..
 
 as to repayment for a napprox 60$ loan?
 
 do you have any ideas? 
 
 that wasn't the intention
 
 I wasn't trying to upset you hun
 
 Yea well Im done talking about this. Ill never need money that bad.
 
 it was fun. lol  haha
 
 carpayments
 
 etc..
 
 I helped someone with a deposit and first months rent for 'exchange'.. 
 
 Yea not happening.
 
 (I've hepled a couple of people with 'larger' amounts as well)
 
 ok.. good thing you dont need a 'large' chunk of money. lol thats a different discussion all together. rofl ;) especially when I'm in town. lol
 
 No. Nothing like that. I will never do something like that.
 
 (my intent is never to upset or piss people off)(doesnt really help me if someone isn't happy)
 
 (not attempting to offend.. just talking ok)
 
 etc..
 
 what aboutlingerie pics or soemthing of that sort?
 
 ok.. 
 
 Because he fully believes in the sanctity of marriage. So even hypothetically. No.
 
 obviously.. everything currently is hythetical...
 
 howcome? (curious)
 
 My husband would divorce me so no its never happening.
 
 whether they do or not is their choice.
 
 For people in relationships (I've helped a couple of people that were arried
 
 or engaged) and I generally ask them to discuss it with their significant others first. to avoid conflict
 
 Yea I will never need money that bad. Sorry but I respect my husband far too much to do that.
 
 nude photos
 
 What do you mean photos?
 
 No one but me ever sees the photos (my gf doesnt see them
 
 she doesnt care)
 
 I send the money after a minimum of half of the photos are completed and sent to me (been burned to many times
 
 and have lost over 3K now from peole that used me)
 
 normally for smaller 'loans'  i 'buy' amatuer photos.. we agree on the number (I normally do 2$ a photo since I am the only person that will ever see them) (and a handwritten statement that I will not disseminate is available if you want)  and we agree on poses
 
 etc..
 
 60
 
 (two different conversations) lol
 
 or on a 'monthly' basis. 
 
 currently. 
 
 what amount would you possibly need?
 
 Both...
 
 what amount of money?  or just hypothetically about the 60$  assuming  you can't afford to spare the money by the 1st
 
 Sure.
 
 do you want to talk about it?  hypothetically at least?
 
 as long as we have it
 
 on the small loans
 
 while she doesnt see the pictures.. she knows I do them
 
 and as long as I say. "hey hun
 
 I'm helping someone for $x.xx "  she's cool with it.
 
 Yea. I mean we always need it but we make due.
 
 so thats the positive note.. 
 
 (and.. my gf is cool with my 'loans' as long as we have the money because she knows is a weird thing for me)
 
 I've talked to a LOT of people in Kansas and quite a few people in TUcson about them
 
 and about 60% of the people I've talked to them about have     done the loans (at least the small loans) because they either need or 'want' the money
 
 Its cool
 
 ok.. lol  I forget who I've talked about them too. 
 
 Yes we have.
 
 I dont remember..
 
 we've talked about my 'loans' and my odd 'fetish' for helping people haven't we? (fetish for lack of a better word)
 
 Your fine.
 
 but..   I wont have it available unti the 1st.. 
 
 if I had it now
 
 I would make the jokes
 
 about how I offer 'loans' snce they dont require $$ repayment. 
 
 Yea. I cant wait any longer.
 
 I know you are in pain.. which is why I haven't started any of my jokes or loan offers.. you would have to start that conversation... especially since her gets paid next week
 
 it doesnt sound like you would need a 'loan' since I wont have the money until the 1st..
 
 Yea...I hurt constantly.
 
 good.. hopefully you can get it next week then. 
 
 I have an interesting 'loan' opportunity that I use to help people when they need it. lol   (and when I have it to spare.)
 
 Its ok...his paydays next week. Ive been miserable for 9 weeka. Hoping the hormones even out.
 
 if I had it right now to spare I'd help you out
 
 and make 'loan repayment' jokes
 
 but I dont have  60$ to spare deary. I"m sorry...  but on the upside.. you dont have to deal with my 'unique' humor.. unless you want to. lol I wont haveit until at least the 1st.... 
 
 60...
 
 can't type
 
 not that much*
 
 how much is copay? its normally that much is it?
 
 Its ok. I want it out now. But need copay
 
 still might be a reaction to it.   I'm sorry hun.. wsish there was something I could do to help.... :/
 
 No. Im bleeding out. 
 
 body rejecting it? 
 
 I have to go to the doctor. I have to get my implant removed.
 
 super sick how hun?
 
 Eh...Im alright. Super sick...
 
 how are you doing?... any better?
 
 Hi.
 
 gooood afternoon :D
 
 doin any better today?
 
 stress any better hun?  and.. did you win the lottery yesterday? lol that fixes everything. ROFL ;) haha
 
 whatever it is you want/need to talk about... kids
 
 men
 
 money
 
 sex
 
 jobs
 
 weather
 
 etc... ok
 
 K...
 
 ok
 
 well I am here hun. if you need someone to talk to
 
 vent to
 
 if you need help etc.. ok?
 
 I dont want to talk about it. It wont be easier.
 
 why
 
 whats going on hun?
 
 you get in a routine. and it makes things easier
 
 for me it gets easier
 
 I know this for fact.
 
 Cool. It doesnt get easier.
 
 3month old girl
 
 3yr old boy and girl
 
 and 5yr old boy and girl
 
 it gets easier. I promise. :)  trust me
 
 I have a couple. lol With my gf now we have 5 total. My two
 
 her two and our newborn
 
 Its just stressful.
 
 ahh... I'll let you get back to mummy/baby time then hun. :-) hope all is well. :D
 
 Nothing. Im feeding my son.
 
 whats going on? 
 
 just ok?
 
 Its ok.
 
 hows mummyhood deary?
 
 Yep. Eating as.much as my 5 mo old niece.
 
 fun fun fun :)
 
 Yes. We take him to get weighed later.
 
 lil one still doin good?
 
 good luck today
 
 good luck tomorrow. :)
 
 Dont care really. As long as hes ok. Im not worried about me. Its him.
 
 which would you prefer?
 
 depends on how low..
 
 Yea me too. If they are lower
 
 dont know if theyll induce or csection.
 
 :)
 
 I know.. I was just wishing you no more than you already have. 
 
 Already have more complications than I can handle. If fluids any lower they will take him on wends.
 
 :D
 
 I hope everything stays in the 'ok' range for you and baby
 
 and I wish you NO compications 
 
 Could come this week...dont know.
 
 Dont know about csection yet. Fluids really low. Sono once a week now. He will be early tho.
 
 are they going to csection you or whats going on babywise?   
 
 Bad...pain.
 
 hows everything going hun?
 
 idk
 
 just figured it might make you feel better. Everyone should smile. :)  lol 
 
 Why?
 
 Smile. :)
 
 lol
 
 DOnt know
 
 coffee? :)
 
 cool
 
 I found out I will be in KS on the like 2nd of Feb till the like 9th (ish)
 
 I still feel bad for you though
 
 the whole
 
 bed rest/sex part.. 
 
 niice
 
 I go back to work
 
 Clint wants what I want. So if after my son is born I choose work then poof.
 
 Not going that far.
 
 lol 1950's style. lol now just to get the hairstyle and the apron and you're golden. ROFL
 
 No. I stay at home
 
 clip coupons
 
 and make up a 2 week meal plan that will be cooked before he gets home each night
 
 I bet you are darlin' lmao
 
 Im a kickass wife...sorry just had to put that
 
 Kk
 
 I know
 
 thats good
 
 like I said
 
 no worries. we'll see how it goes. :)
 
 Yes. We talk everything over if one of us is un comfortable then we dont do it.
 
 We'll see how it goes. 
 
 ok no worries. I'm not going to do anything stupid
 
 but I understand that you both have to agree on it. :) 
 
 Its what he would be comfortable with
 
 he can come too. duh. :P rofl
 
 It would be up to my husband
 
 well hopefully we can get together. that way we can actually meet. lol
 
 Idk yet its in february
 
 lol would you be ok with grabbing a bite to eat? :P that was I meant. :P \ncool
 
 (vaca)
 
 idk
 
 Vacation.
 
 Id thats in february...
 
 and why are you guys giong to texas?
 
 we gonna grab a bite to eat or something while I'm intown?
 
 We are heading to texas in august
 
 Oh thats cool.
 
 Good thing I dont sleep on my back anymore
 
 Did I tell you that I was probably coming to Ks in early Feb? for like a week?
 
 Its cool.
 
 meza sorry hun. 
 
 I was sick. I woke up choking on vomit
 
 I used to work at Papa Johns 
 
 I never saw anything that wasn't going well there. Guess it went down hill. lol
 
 No I think it was papa johns food poisoning. I still feel like shit
 
 (assuming
 
 obviously I dont know from personal experience) ;)
 
 ohh I'm sorry... morning sickness sucks.
 
 no pain or anything like that? 
 
 Woke up at 230 puking my guts outs
 
 Good tired.
 
 hows mum and baby today?
 
 Sorry she is watching the rent a center guys come pick up the furniture
 
 lol
 
 Shes about a 6 lb pup and she is watching them and barking.
 
 lol sounds like fun. lol
 
 My new dogs a badass
 
 I hope that you guys get the landlord to fix the house
 
 talk to someone
 
 to see what you can do. the last thing you want is more to go wrong befor eyou start the process. 
 
 month*
 
 We are waiting another mont
 
 if you guys really like that house
 
 if you guys like the place
 
 but the main thing making you leave is the stuff he/she is supposed to fix then that is the fastest way to get it fixed so you guys dont have to move. 
 
 it will be a very quick case
 
 especially since you are pregnant
 
 you can file a civil court complaint. 
 
 We have. Already. We are not paying over a grand a month to live in a shit hole
 
 then 'before' your lease goes away
 
 file a complaint
 
 by law they have to fix it. 
 
 Yea. They are the landlord
 
 is it written in the lease that they ahve to fix the issues?
 
 aww
 
 ok
 
 just wonderin.    I should be buying my place around July if all goes well (the one I have posted on my profile) I think you have seen it before. lol   
 
 We have to stay here. We cannot afford to lose Clints insurance or his job.
 
 We have been here for almost 4 months and not a god damned thing has been fixed
 
 and are you guys for def staying in Ks? cuz if I get my place
 
 I will need to long term rent it when I leave Az eventually. 
 
 if you can get it put into the sales document
 
 they would have to fix it by law if you do purchase
 
 Not yet we do not. But this place was perfect until a bunch of stuff started going wrong and I am not staying in this place tat is falling apart
 
 I'm sorry it didn't work out...
 
 oh.. you guys have another place in mind?
 
 We had planned on buying it but there is too much they have not fixed
 
 Yea. We are not staying here past our lease.
 
 anyways... not meant to be creep at all. I'm sorry..   you guys all settled into the new house all right? I know its been a few months already
 
 annnnnyways.....
 
 my brother is 6 years younger than me. and its only attractive women. not all women. :P
 
 apparently they have done studies that during child brain development if your mom is pregnant between ages 5-7 that it imbeds it as an attraction.. 
 
 yea now its just creepy
 
 weird I know.. anyways... I was hitting on you before you were pregnant. :P   
 
 Im actually kind of creeped out that pregnant women turn you on
 
 they have you on bedrest for the rest of the pregnancy?  and hope of coming off it?
 
 anyways...
 
 thats why I said other things. 
 
 Thats creepy
 
 I know I'm nosy
 
 sorry dear.. that and pregnant women turn me on.. sorry :)  lol
 
 k...
 
 I'm nosy.. and curious
 
 and other things.. but thats the only real reason. lol
 
 ...k...
 
 curious
 
 thats all. lol
 
 why do you ask?
 
 lol
 
 I just have it thought out
 
 lol
 
 lol so whats the plan?
 
 I already have it handled
 
 trying to help you brainstorm here. lol
 
 darn. (mental note) &lt;-- jk jk   well that wont work then... hmm... 
 
 I cant get off on top so it wont work
 
 teach him a lesson
 
 still think you should tie him down
 
 tease him 'up' put in on and just get what you 'want' then get off and have him deal withit. ROFL
 
 yea.
 
 better?
 
 WANT WANT WANT
 
 fine...
 
 you know it. 
 
 ya you do. 
 
 I dont really need it
 
 tie him down and rape him
 
 (for your enjoyment) Pregnnat women need NEEEEED sex
 
 Hey I have needs too and just because we are getting a new baby tonight doesnt mean we cant
 
 ;)
 
 good girl
 
 hehe
 
 I plan on it.
 
 you could always tease him until he wants sex and put the condom on yourself. lol
 
 sucks
 
 anyways... hows the snow?
 
 you dont think he's...nm
 
 Yea but whtever
 
 you're the one thats horny. :P
 
 rofl. LOL
 
 awkward...
 
 but I can fantasize :P
 
 I am pissed it snowed
 
 Yup
 
 i know.. lol 
 
 Nope wouldnt happen
 
 I wish I was in Kansas. lol ;) hehhee
 
 uh thank you. My bday is in 8 days and I want sex god damnit
 
 ;)
 
 then you better get a new  years 'eating' 
 
 Yea...been close to 8 weeks for me but he got an xmas blow job
 
 I went and bought some last night.
 
 so.. as opposed to being able to make love to his pregnant wife
 
 he just refuses to wear a condom?  wtf
 
 My husband refuses to wear a rubber now
 
 Just because of the sperm.
 
 so you are on a no sex restriction as well? or is that just because of the sperm?
 
 ahh fun fun..
 
 Not diabetic but baby is already huge :(
 
 I cannot stand for more than 30 minutes
 
 cannot have sperm near my cervix or anything.
 
 I have placenta premia and other under lying conditions as well
 
 (its better than nothing)
 
 and there are condoms. :P
 
 whats up with you? I dont think you told me specifics..
 
 Because of my medical condition
 
 I cannot have sperm near my cervix so theres not much he can do
 
 why?
 
 Yea my hubby is like wtf
 
 hunny you're turning me on. :P quit it. ;) hehe
 
 Great a puffy vag on top of everything else thats messed up.
 
 I know I was like uh...wtf
 
 (coming from two kids worth of experience. lol)
 
 lol
 
 well actually it kinda is.. (if you could have sex)  it makes everything kinda 'puffy' and fun to play with (if its not sore)
 
 Yea reading about pregnancy this week.\nSome how I cannot think that swollen genitals does not sound appealing 
 
 what do you mean?
 
 what doyou mean
 
 yea but not in the same way as before
 
 but not as much on the internet so its a fun place to get to know you ;)
 
 I still can be
 
 :) I noticed. ;) when I met you in person you were very shy. lol
 
 Yea Im bolder through the internet most the time
 
 If I make you nervous I'm sorry
 
 I tend to live seperate lives through the internet
 
 it helps me focus in real life. 
 
 exactly
 
 Tis why I censor myself. The internet is a great place to talk
 
 and that is all. lol
 
 yea even then it does creep me out soemtimes
 
 I know you will :) that is why I feel ok with talking to you. that and the internet can cause people to become numb or detached to others emotions via the midium that we communicate. 
 
 I will
 
 lol so fair warning
 
 just tell me where to shove it. lol
 
 it doesnt work that often. unless I'm at work. 
 
 good
 
 I've found out that since my 'ex' screwed me over that I have less and less morales and 'tact' so I tend to try and keep my mouth shut to avoid pissing people off. lol
 
 nope
 
 oh
 
 at least its just a head cold and not something worse
 
 bad head cold
 
 oh whats wrong hunn
 
 yea but mommas been sick
 
 ?
 
 anyways. baby still doing good
 
 :P
 
 didn't plan too. 
 
 Yea its better you dont
 
 sorry
 
 told you illtaste.. thats why I didn't verbalize. lol
 
 rofl
 
 it involved money
 
 outfits
 
 and you and me. but like I said
 
 illtaste. lol
 
 ....
 
 and you weren't on bedrest. lol
 
 but I'd make a nice illtaste joke if I had money. ;)
 
 thats just hte bank accoutn. lol not what I owe. 
 
 Im negative aout a grand
 
 to get my kids from my wife (they spent christmas with her) and she was too broke to meet me halfway
 
 and I wanted my kids back
 
 I had to drive to Boise Idaho from Tucson Az and back 
 
 -512$ until I get paid. 
 
 I dont have a job so I am sure you still have more than me
 
 If I had money I'd make innappropriate jokes. lol but I dont even have the dillusion of money to back up my ill-tasted jokes. lol
 
 me too. 
 
 Just tired of being broke
 
 Yup I know.
 
 and I call everyone dear. lol
 
 I call everyone hon
 
 hows the baby
 
 you
 
 and hubby doin?
 
 ohhhh I'm your hun now? ;) lol
 
 hello hon
 
 happy new year dearest
 
 Not tryin to push. :)
 
 okey dokey
 
 I will do maternity photos in April but thats it
 
 yea not comfy with it
 
 lol
 
 ohhh. :'(
 
 I run from the camera
 
 nope
 
 I bet you still look sexy
 
 and I'd love to see just a regular pic of you
 
 you dont have too too many recent ones
 
 I look a month further
 
 Im huge tho
 
 Yea...
 
 Ok
 
 no worries. deary
 
 Not comfy. I dont even send them to my husband
 
 I love kids
 
 and pregnant women. its odd I know. 
 
 ohh ok.. I'd love to see them if you ever feel comfortable with that. you can just email them
 
 Im not comfy putting them online
 
 so where are the belly pics?
 
 lol
 
 My hubby thinks so too
 
 you are sexy
 
 and prego is definately sexy. THus why I have two kids. lol Love prego. lol  
 
 Hey what can I say I need to get a feeling of being sexy for once.
 
 :P
 
 Just got a kickout of it. 
 
 So?
 
 ur comment on ur status
 
 omg too funny lol
 
 so yea...
 
 Yea he has aplastic anemia and it causes avascular necrosis
 
 the Knee part
 
 interesting\nsound like me in a couple years.
 
 both knees are next
 
 nope
 
 fun'ish'
 
 has had both hips replaced and all
 
 fun fun
 
 he takes 12 meds twice a day
 
 hm?
 
 we have to because of his disease
 
 we do
 
 hopefully you have medical coverage. lol
 
 Yay sono's every week and appointments too
 
 me too.
 
 I feel sorry for you dear. I hope the birth goes off without a hitch at least for you
 
 My complications make it too hard to do anything and sex is out of the question
 
 I wish you were feeling better so you could enjoy it
 
 oh
 
 I'm soo sorry
 
 prego sex is the best part. 
 
 And its not the tummy either
 
 Too high risk.
 
 Cant.
 
 Make hubby kiss the tummy and make it feel better. (then make you feel 'better') hehe
 
 Oh.. :'(
 
 not really
 
 in too much pain
 
 just trying to cheer you up. hehe
 
 lol 
 
 Smiling  yet?
 
 lol well I do make house 'visits' lol
 
 LOL. Yea I am good. I dont leave the house much so it doesnt matter
 
 and I'd stop by and 'brighten' your day ;) hehe (((if I was hitting on you))) :P
 
 bet you still look amazing. :)
 
 Just a house wife.At home all day no makeup or anything
 
 whats been going on?
 
 oh really? ;) hehehe
 
 Tho occasionally I need the boost
 
 I would appreciate if you didnt.
 
 I'm glad that you found someone dear
 
 Guess I wont hit onyou anymore. lol  ;) hehe
 
 Just on one side like a fucking charlie horse in my back. All night
 
 He has been trying to be sensitive to my needs.
 
 Great
 

 
 ohh hunny I'm sorry
 
 how are you and the Mr?
 
 Back pain
 
 :(
 
 Ugh.
 
 hows everything going?
 
 hey deary
 
 and you
 
 hope all is ok with the lil one
 
 ouchies...
 
 about to be back on bedrest for 4 months
 
 bedrest still
 
 or did the doc let you off of it?\n
 
 We are ok. Me sick all the time
 
 how ar eyou and the mr doing?
 
 hi...
 
 goooood morning
 
 lol
 
 Uh yea...have been
 
 just rememmber 
 
 take it easy. 
 
 nice. 
 
 nope went back to work like 3 weeks ago
 
 still on bedrest?
 
 im ok
 
 hows is the prego lady doing?
 
 hi
 
 :P hola
 
 nope
 
 and the pay may not be better
 
 but the benefits are. ;) lol
 
 there
 
 you don't need to come be my Maid
 
 you got a 'work from home' position. ;) haha
 
 nope not us
 
 and kids are tattoo's
 
 you love them 
 
 and wouldn't trade anything for them
 
 and you always want more. lol
 
 me too so far Im ready to be done
 
 I hope the rest of the pregnancy goes well for you hun
 
 Just 1 for us
 
 nice
 
 so I keep looking at 6+ bedroom houses. lol
 
 and I want more
 
 I have too many kids. 
 
 yup thanks
 
 congrats. 
 
 nice. shortsales are good too. 
 
 ours isnt forclosed but we offered a hella low price and got it
 
 140K
 
 I love forclosures
 
 wooo
 
 and has a full corral already built . lol
 
 looks cool tho
 
 its also on like 3.75 acres
 
 I didn't notice that when I started looking
 
 Its also got a fenced in pool . lol 
 
 looks good
 
 its out in the country too
 
 what do you think?
 
 its a house I'm looking at buying for me and my kids. lol
 
 cool
 
 I'm looking at this one
 
 for me and the kiddos
 
 ??
 
 http://www.realestaterangers.com/9023424_0-8885-Fillmore-Road-Tucson-AZ-85736-MLS-21119433-RES_Detail.aspx
 
 cool
 
 Still staying in the county but closer to lv
 
 where you moving to?
 
 Congrats
 
 wow nice
 
 My wife craved Spicy chicken sandwiches
 
 plain with extra spicy sauce from BK when she was pregnant with my son
 
 Clint Laughs
 
 lol
 
 yea. lots of odd stuff
 
 interesting mix. lol
 
 spicey food
 
 mash potatoes
 
 like what? lol
 
 oh yea
 
 ouch.. any cravings yet?
 
 the morning sickness has been the worst
 
 yes
 
 friends and family know?
 
 I know. Im always tired and sleepy
 
 it gets better
 
 I'm sorry hun. 
 
 No tired and achy
 
 you all giddie and anxious yet? 
 
 thanks
 
 congrats deary
 
 just saw the babies heart beat for the first time :)\n
 
 nope
 
 any new news?
 
 oh really. lol he didn't meantion clothing did he. so Apron only
 
 rofl
 
 HAHA. No me bare foot and pregnant in the kitchen
 
 brb
 
 soo you in a french maid outfit
 
 pregnant
 
 I bet he'll love it. lol
 
 lol 
 
 no he isnt he knows I am faithful. He knows its his. Especially the cravings. All Bartlett fave foods lol
 
 Not trying to sound like a dick please dont think that
 
 ok?
 
 I would.
 
 and its his? (sorry
 
 he's probably freaking out a little on the inside)
 
 He is still shocked he was told less than 5% chance of having babies
 
 haha.
 
 (joking)....its better you are there and pregnant
 
 as opposed to my maid and pregnant. ;) lmao
 
 yes...he was shocked.
 
 good to hear. 
 
 and thank you. Boyfriend and I are excited
 
 no clue how far along.
 
 aloha
 
 I figured that. lol How far along?  and congrats?  
 
 Im pregnant...\n
 
 oh reallly?   lol  what did I miss? haha
 
 Big and preg...ugh...lol.
 
 Hey hun
 
   Mine is (913)-669-0172    :D how is everything going for you?
 
 have been for awhile
 
 oh.... Nycki is all grown up ;)
 
 yup settled well
 
 money any better for you two/
 
 good to hear you've all settled down. and stuff and stuff. lol
 
 same guy I have been with for 7 months
 
 any bf to hear fun stuff about
 
 working thats about it
 
 What have you been up to dear?
 
 hiya
 
 Aloha
 
 whats going on?
 
 Turn ons and Turn offs\n(I'll count it as one question
 
 and if you ask me the same one you ahve to add another one with it)\n(oh.. and why were you considering working for me?/ possible bf?)\nand I have the solution for 'out fo LV' ;) haha
 
 Aloha!
 
 Let me know when you get home...
 
 Hows' the bf?
 
 what did you do?
 
 Sorry I didnt call I just went to bed. \n\nHOws Christmas?
 
 soo
 
 move in with me
 
 be a Nanny
 
 and get free rent
 
 food
 
 etc.. \nand you get AMAZING company ME!\nlol\n\n\nSoo are we drinking when I get back to LV for my little break before I go to Arizona?\n\nPhillip
 
 hullo??
 
 so....  I need some specifications
 
 that will help me win you over
 
 if i so chose to try. lol :P
 
 what do you mean?
 
 hmmm I dont know about all that
 
 Your welcome.. Maybe
 
 just maybe
 
 I am trying to win your affection. Do you think it is working?
 
 Thank you thats very sweet
 
 Yes you are goofy
 
 I bet your are more coordinated than you think
 
 I will take the smart and witty though. You make me laugh by talking in spanish. I doubt you break everything. (have you broken your nose from scratching it?) :P  I love reading and playing chess. I promise i wouldnt bruise you. Family would be everything if i liked them all. But the ones that i do like mean the world. and if you snort when you laugh its probably cute. \n\njust thought i would le tyou know
 
 1. To be honest
 
 you seem to have everything together. and I hate being alone. to be honest. I am looking for someone to take care of and to take care of me. \n\n2. multiple reasons. you are attractive. i'm horny. I think that you are a hell of a lot better looking than you seem to let yourself think\n\n3. Multiple reasons. i would love to come home to someone walking around in only a french maid uniform. :P lol It would help you get back on your feet. It would allow me to be slightly more lazy at the house. It would help with childcare costs
 
 and allow me to have at least a similance of a life outside of work and kids.\n\n---------------------------\n\nAnymore questions? I love answering questions. bring them on
 
 Ok. heres 3 I can think of.\n1)Why would you want to marry me?\n2)Why do you want to see me naked?\n3)Why do you want me as your maid?
 
 if you didnt have a bf?
 
 told ya. marry me. :P
 
 (i am hypothetically talking
 
 not asking or inferring anything)
 
 now why did you get into a fight???
 
 Can we all just quit commenting. Its blowing up my phone. 
 
 Tyler stfu NOBODY put you in this its a spam message your suck a loser god 
 
 I wish to begin a three part STFU message. First part
 
 if you wish to send me a message
 
 do it without other people involved please. Second part
 
 if you don't know me
 
 get the fuck away. Third part
 
 if you continue
 
 I will find you and destroy you. End message. 
 
 Can you plz stop i have over 60 messages on my phone from this
 
 Can you plz stop i have over 60 messages on my phone from this
 
 No
 
 No
 
 Everyone stop fucking replying. My phone is goin crazy. God damnn 
 
 My goatee is getting long..
 
 My goatee is getting long..
 
 STFU ALL OF YOU HOMOS RIGHT NOW
 
 FUCKING ASS'S STOP REPLYING AND IT'LL ALL STOP MY FUCKING GOD IT AIN'T THAT HARD
 
 Lets just all calm down and eat gumbo.
 
 Lets just all calm down and eat gumbo.
 
 STOP COMMENTING YOU STUPID FUCKIN BITCH!
 
 No
 
 No
 
 Ight shut the fuck up stop sending back to this msg.
 
 Ight shut the fuck up stop sending back to this msg.
 
 No.
 
 im lovin' how everyones pissed off.
 
 No.
 
 im lovin' how everyones pissed off.
 
 Ohhey.whaddup?
 
 Ohhey.whaddup?
 
 Mine too and I hate it!
 
 Mine too and I hate it!
 
 Trolol.
 
 U can't get untagged out of these messages morgan
 
 everyone needs 2 jus delete it and it'll go away...my phone is goin off the friggin hook....
 
 Trolol.
 
 Stop!!!!!
 
 Stop!!!!!
 
 Then untag us bitch.
 
 Stop texting me
 
 If you guys just stop sending messages back
 
 it will stop
 
 Then untag us bitch.
 
 Stop texting me
 
 Yall fucking people stop sending messages to me
 
 Obviously nobody is tagged its some sort of spam message just stop commenting
 
 Yall fucking people stop sending messages to me
 
 Obviously nobody is tagged its some sort of spam message just stop commenting
 
 Untag me and Just delete this. Dont ask any questions. Seriously. Im getting pissed. I'm tired of getting 20 notifications after the other. Seriously stfu.
 
 Untag me now &lt;Forever &amp; Always&gt;
 
 Idfkkkk. Want out of this.
 
 I don't know you
 
 Untag me now &lt;Forever &amp; Always&gt;
 
 Stop sending messages.
 
 Cuz it fucking stupid
 
 Idfkkkk. Want out of this.
 
 Tanner?
 
 I don't know you
 
 What the fuck is this
 
 tell austin i got 18 fucking messages from this.
 
 Stop sending messages.
 
 Cuz it fucking stupid
 
 Dont include me in this shit.
 
 Tanner?
 
 Stop freakin replying on this my phone sounds like a frickin robot goin off. Bye
 
 Why am I getting all of your comments as notification?????
 
 What the fuck is this
 
 I have no fucking clueeee.
 
 Dont include me in this shit.
 
 untag me mother fuckers omg 
 
 Untag me in this message plz
 
 Why am I getting all of your comments as notification?????
 
 I have no fucking clueeee.
 
 Stop fucking sending messages on this Jesus
 
 Untag me in this message plz
 
 Ummm wtf why am I in this convo.
 
 Stop fucking sending messages on this Jesus
 
 ..who are all of you?
 
 No I dnt think you do why?
 
 Ummm wtf why am I in this convo.
 
 This crystal kalebs frien
 
 I didn't add you
 
 ..who are all of you?
 
 No I dnt think you do why?
 
 Nope...\nDo ik you?
 
 This crystal kalebs frien
 
 I didn't add you
 
 Um do I know you
 
 your the one who msg me?
 
 Yes\\r i Love My Fake Boyfriend!!:)
 
 Nope...\nDo ik you?
 
 Do I know you??
 
 Yes\\r i Love My Fake Boyfriend!!:)
 
 Um do I know you
 
 your the one who msg me?
 
 Do I know you??
 
 bro this is to much spam
 
 alright an old friend from when i went to lawrence is doin a modelin gig and she wanted me to spread her stuff
 
 like
 
 subcribe
 
 tell your friends
 
 OR FACE MY WRATH! lol jk
 
 she's really pretty and talented and i think y'all should look her up!
 
 Happy birthday punk
 
 :p
 
 Happy birthday girly
 
 hey hun..
 
 hey girl
 
 hey hun. :)
 
 u online?
 
 Happy Birthday Deary :-)
 
 txt me or call me
 
 hey hun
 
 HMU when you are online
 
 hello?
 
 how much $$ doy ou need for the cooking?
 
 hey hun
 
 you online?
 
 u there?
 
 how much do you need dear?
 
 u there?
 
 just from your estimate
 
 using the info from last time you cooked?
 
 any idea on the amount needed?
 
 no
 
 any info on the 'investment'
 
 4 a few min
 
 u on?
 
 u online hun?&gt;
 
 txt me. 
 
 hey hun
 
 mornin
 
 let me konw when you get on
 
 I have something for you to do if you feel up to it. lol someone in Lawrence owes me money and you can keep half if you collect. lol
 
 Hey hun
 
 you been quiet
 
 whats up?
 
 Hey woman. 
 
 morning
 
 you online gurl
 
 u there
 
 hey sexy
 
 hey hun
 
 hola
 
 hey girly
 
 good afternoon
 
 soo... 4K? :)
 
 you still there?
 
 and what is the demand for Rx currently?
 
 I'm actually bein serious. lol
 
 what? :P
 
 bahahaha ur 2 funny
 
 how about 4K$ cash?
 
 it would take a bit to get the cash
 
 but I aint gonna be in town for a minute so its all good
 
 and i'm cool with droppin a bit of cash. because I kow it would help you out hun
 
 nuh uh. :P  imma find a way. 
 
 lol dude jus let it go. i aint fucked  wit no1 since ryan
 
 on a serious note. how much would I have to come up with ? :)
 
 :)
 
 what would make it do'able?
 
 so am i
 
 seriously dear. 
 
 lol ya rite
 
 how about 3K if I dont win the lotto? ;)
 
 10 if I won the lotto
 
 lol u sd 10
 
 heh
 
 whatcha think? ;)
 
 soo.. about that 3K night? ;)
 
 ...  
 
 not really. only things left is dope
 
 aside from Rx and mj.. anything else you'd dabble in?
 
 no. it sucks down here
 
 any new money making opps?
 
 lol
 
 :P  boo gurl boo :P lol
 
 i aint bn on fb
 
 any new money making opportunities?
 
 I have like 15 messages over the last week to you on fb lol 
 
 i havnt been
 
 lol
 
 why you been ignoring me. :P
 
 of course
 
 ?
 
 you still broke girl
 
 hey girly
 
 hey woman
 
 happy 4/20 deary
 
 hey girly
 
 you online
 
 hey sexy :P  good morning
 
 and when you get a chance we have some 3K conversations we need to have. . ;) 
 
 you can txt me an email at apj_elfman@yahoo.com
 
 I'm at work so I can't text
 
 figure out a way for me to make money :P  
 
 i gotta get off text me
 
 no chris never hated u. he never had a problom wit u at al. it was colby n koolaid. but thy realy dnt care nemore either. hell even debbies asked how u wre doin cuople times. n no thts y chris is getin his tatoo shit so we cqn make money. i get the clients he does the work im like a scout /secratary lol
 
 any luck on our money making?
 
 whatever works
 
 oh well. 
 
 thought chris was on the list of people that hated me. lol
 
 ok well chris is out n hes got pro guns n shit . he sd when u come down hel throw some ink on u
 
 I want a fucking tattooooooo :P
 
 I'm bored..
 
 hey hun
 
 :P\n
 
 you actually onlien now?
 
 you there?
 
 hey sexy
 
 you on hun?
 
 hey sexyy...... mesage me :)
 
 hey sexy
 
 hmm.... I would ask if you wanted to start a grow op. lmao (but I think your mum wouldn'tt be cool wit that) HAHAHHA
 
 booo!
 
 no. cant get ahold of ne1
 
 any new info?
 
 hey girl.. get online :P
 
 hey hun
 
 :)
 
 woman*
 
 hey womab
 
 :P hey girly
 
 hey.. figure out who keeps fucking telling Allen about things that happen in my life
 
 you know how to make like 500$ quick?
 
 i called u 4rm the 207 number the last time i talked 2 u
 
 soo. u know anyway to make like 500$ quick? lol
 
 kinda gotta tell me when you change ur # every week :P haha
 
 i dnt have tht number. i changed it. 913-207-8400
 
 9136052220
 
 wat number
 
 and they are all over my page. :P
 
 i've sent them to your phone :P
 
 i aint got pictures of ur kid yet!!!
 
 pictures!
 
 I noticed.. :P
 
 hi. had the baby yesterday
 
 :P
 
 hola
 
 im bored
 
 bus? train?
 
 why not?
 
 i dnt fly
 
 lol airplanes girl
 
 ya let me jus run outback 2 the invisable money tree n stackup. then jump in the magical car thts ganna drive itself there cuz i dnt drive highways on the invisible gas n money thts ganna pay 4 it
 
 MWAH!
 
 think I'm joking.. when you comin out?
 
 lol
 
 soo.. when you coming down to drinkit up? (and other 'fun' activities?) ;) hehe
 
 lol
 
 Bipolar
 
 Anxiety
 
 PTSD
 
 depression
 
 and like 3 other ones. hahah... I guess I like messed up chiks. 
 
 and funny sidenote. Marissa (ex wife) just finally got examined at a doctor..
 
 well you know me. I'm a lil messed up in the head. 
 
 ha
 
 lmao  haha
 
 if I had the money
 
 I'd try to bribe some stuff out of you ;) hehe
 
 same as usual. broke as fuck 
 
 how you doin on money?
 
 you finally get your rings in for the car?
 
 and a couple other things
 
 haha.. I need a transmission mount fo runder the drivers seat also
 
 lol mine runs great!!! lmoa
 
 well dur! who ever sd it woudn b is an idoit
 
 whered you go girly
 
 For the first time in a loooong time I'm broke
 
 how you doin on money?
 
 but I aint touchin the system till the fucking thing runs reliably
 
 but.. the whole system including fabrication would be 1500$ so its not bad. lol
 
 still. wat did i tel u??? 
 
 900Wt amp routed to the main battery... never a good idea
 
 i knew that part.
 
 I was alreayd having issues.. and the battery was already fried
 
 -i told u it was ganna fuck ur shit up if u didnt get it takin care of!!
 
 and... still want a night with you.. any clue how I can do that? ;) hehe
 
 but the new system
 
 including a custom built in box
 
 custom air pumps
 
 air holes cut into above back seat
 
 and speakers
 
 1500$ (I'll eventually get around to getting it) hehe it will focus on lower register bass. I love the chest rattling..
 
 and now I am having fuel issues...
 
 old system fried the batery (and they were 15's in a 10 box. lol not 12's)
 
 thts cool
 
 ys tht
 
 nthn fuckin off... 
 
 and.. I got a quote for putting a system in it. lmfao  
 
 (me and the cadi are having a disagreemtn. lol)
 
 what are you up to? 
 
 hi
 
 hey girl
 
 and look at my house? :P
 
 :P   you see the pictures of the baby yet? :P
 
 blah blah blah!!! excuses
 
 and the baby and the divorce
 
 etc.. etc..
 
 oops
 
 my bad
 
 been busy
 
 just bought a house (link on my page)     5 bedroom 150K$
 
 not me!! u never sd nething 2 me bout a gf bn prego.
 
 haha... No one knew for a long time. I just started to tell people in ks
 
 and I told you my gf was prego a month or so ago
 
 but the baby came a little early so I didn't get everyone informed. :P
 
 well f u 2!
 
 Sorry I was keeping it lowkey 
 
 well hell i didnt know. u never told me u had anther kid on the wayor tht ur chick was prego
 
 yes deary it is mine. 
 
 girlfriend. :P
 
 gf? is it ur kid?
 
 gf. lol  my bad...\nSophia Paige Anya Johnson\n7lbs 4oz\n20 in\nat 3:57am March 24th 2012
 
 who?
 
 Nikki had the baby :)
 
 hey girly
 
 meza got a house :D  haha
 
 hi
 
 hey woman
 
 hey woman
 
 hey woman
 
 hey sexy
 
 
 
 :P
 
 haha  back seat
 
 windows up
 
 thats the way...
 
 i planed restoring mine 2
 
 restored stock radio
 
 3in airbag lift for a smoother ride
 
 pearl white paint again
 
 etc.. etc..
 
 im doing a classic restore on the cadi (long term) 
 
 mwah :)
 
 :P
 
 bleh
 
 meza nice though ;) hehe
 
 is 4 me
 
 is not :P
 
 sex is bad mmmk
 
 ur point? i dnt! 
 
 but I wanna. :P and you konw it. :P :D
 
 ur retaded
 
 soo....   u.... me... ;) hehe  HAHA
 
 mayb
 
 so I'm just keeping them under that level :D
 
 but they aren't there yet
 
 so they might be close
 
 but theres a level that you can hear it start to go
 
 you dont get feedback going up or down
 
 
 
 I checked the wiring
 
 and the heads
 
 no cracks or notin
 
  and when they are turn up to an 'appropriate' volume
 
 you dont hear anything
 
 if its strainin the speakers then thres blown
 
 so I just keep it away from there
 
 I can hear when it starts to strain them though
 
 they are still good
 
 I checked.
 
 if u can hear it when u turn it down or up thy might b blown already cuz if thy turned it up loud n a box 2 small thres nowre  4 the xtra pressure 2 go or the air so it pushe up against the speakers 
 
 last thing I wanna do is blow'em
 
 I dont turn it up to high
 
 I can hear when the air intake isn't working right
 
 then I turn it down. 
 
 I have to buy a new box for the subs though
 
 b carefull wit speAKERS  THT wre n a box 2 small thy might b blown n can fuck up ur wires n everything else n there
 
 I have the 5.0
 
 hehe
 
 rofl... you have the 4.1
 
 thts wats up. im n the proccess of changing al the gaskets n mine. i had 2 take the moter competely apart so its takin some time. i got the heads resufaced n pressure checked 2 make sure thy wre good n now im jus waitin on the new gaskets 2 get here. when i ordered them the last time thy gave me gaskets 4 a 6.0 moter n mines A 4.1. then i can put them back onn b rollin
 
 (BUT&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  the 12's were put into a 10's box so the air intake is funky)
 
 its got a pioneer deck
 
 with a 900W amp and two 12's in a big box
 
 still upset at the system that came in it. lol
 
 right 
 
 I'll try to take a bunch of pics tonight after work and send them to you so you know what I bought. :) sound good?
 
 I'm getting a free hose and belt inspectino on Friday then Imma have them do a tune up so we shall see what they say
 
 I'm friend with the manager at a goodyear franchise here. HAH
 
 yup
 
 does tht make sence?
 
 either way its a steal at 800$ haha
 
 ntill u get it fixed u might have 2 paly ghetto 4 a min n turn up the idol so it wont die. it might snd a lil louder but it works temp
 
 kk
 
 snds 2 me like it could b like the fuel pump or clogged gas line. cuz if it runs good ne other time but stopin n u gotta give alot of gas 2 get it 2 get up n go then its not getin enuf at a staand still idol
 
 is getting going off of a stop
 
 and I've been driving it for 2 days now. and that seems to be the only 'quirk'
 
 but they put a new carbarator kit on it before that
 
 4 months
 
 how long has it bn sitin
 
 I'm taking it in for a tuneup on Friday
 
 I'm just curious
 
 but I have to heavy foot it until it shifts
 
 starting up froma stop
 
 I get a sputter
 
 and if I am not heavy footed
 
 it'll die
 
 but it is fine after it shifts into second...\nDoes that sound like more of a carbarator
 
 fuel line
 
 or transmission to you?
 
 wats tht
 
 got a cadi/car question for you.. 
 
 hey girly
 
 :p
 
 My cadi runs... HAHA  and after running the dust out of it from sitting for 4 months
 
 actually runs really well. HAHA\nI'll send you pics later so you can see the parts I have to work on. :D\n
 
 if its small amounts
 
 I normally get pictures. (unless I think I can get the person for that amount) and bigger amounts are physical. Oddly enough my gf gets off on it as well. lol she likes that I help people and get what I want. We are an odd group
 
 but hey it works. 
 
 but it falls into the category of fetish. and I am helping people. it ntrmally is based on what they need and how much they need. and that determines what I get
 
 true
 
 its not a fetish of helpin. u have a fetish of givin people stuff they need if u get wat u want
 
 its weird so before I say it you have to promise
 
 1 not to get offended and 2 dont make no jokes. K?
 
 I have a weird fetish for helping people. 
 
 ???
 
 Have I told you about my fetish? lol
 
 pretty much
 
 same ole "crappy
 
 no money
 
 and barely enough to survive.. if that much?"
 
 same 
 
 how you doin on money?
 
 I def aint like none o the guys you fuck with. lol
 
 all u fuckers r the same n 1 way or anther jus a mater of time when it comes out n how
 
 just something I wanna do. 
 
 :P
 
 I dont nag
 
 or bitch
 
 or complain
 
 or scream. lol 
 
 NOTHIN!!!! HAHAHA  N I LLOVE IT
 
 no screamin]
 
 no complainnin
 
 no bitchin
 
 no beggin
 
 no naggin 
 
 im done fuckin wit dudes. yall piss me off 2 dam much!!! its peacefull bn by myself 
 
 i told u im not fuckin wit no1
 
 no
 
 soo.. me... you... ;)   
 
 not secissarrily. mines red n ive had tons of people offer me 3 to 4 times wat i paid 4 it 6 yrs ago jus 2 get it. i paid 2k n 2005 
 
 I dont want to paint the car white. lol but it will resell better as white. lol
 
 why am I retarded? lol
 
 why?
 
 ur retarded
 
 what's wrong with that? ;)
 
 what. :P
 
 ha
 
 mwah!
 
 anyways... I might consider giving it to you if i 'got' something for it. hehehe ;)
 
 there are two 12's put into a box thats too small
 
 
 
 mine does
 
 but I gotta rebox them
 
 lol
 
 mines not "ghettofied!" hell mine dnt even have a radio or speakers at al at the moment
 
 if i restore it up (without ghettofying it)  I'd redo the pearl white paint
 
 revamp the motor
 
 and redo the leather interior
 
 it only has 128K miles.  cadi's are HOTT right now for some reason
 
 lmao ! no the fuck i wouldnt!! wre u get tht 4rm its a caddy!!! 
 
 but but but... if I gave you the cadi
 
 you could sell it for like 3K. lol
 
 ha ya rite
 
 what else? ;) hehehe
 
 lmao!! the satisfaction of knowin ur sisters happy!
 
 what would I get out of it. ;)
 
 lmao!
 
 or u can alsways give it 2 ur big sister 4 a bday present!!! :)
 
 :)
 
 "IF" i dont like it too much to keep. 
 
 and flip it for like 3500$ LMFAO\n
 
 paint
 
 rebox the subs in the back
 
 fix the leather in the front
 
 
 
 needs a tune up and possibly tires. but thats it
 
 and its still only 800$ lol
 
 LOL
 
 guess not as much was wrong with it as he thought HAHAH
 
 went to go see the cadi
 
 and it started ROFL
 
  Tiffany Thornington 6 March 10:20  \n\nhe jus called me n sd u got 4 boxes comin 4rm ups ground saturday or sunday. the atari
 
 2 nintindos
 
 al the games tht arnt still here n the spoons n carriers.  \n\n   \n\nIts great
 
 he thinks he will make everything better. ....   idiot!\n\nHows your day going?
 
 HAHA
 
 nuh uhhhh...
 
 ur retarded
 
 :P
 
 HAHAHA..... I'll let you ridein  it
 
 if we can make it 'shake' ;) rofl
 
 i will kill u!! u suck big fat hairy monkey balls!!!
 
 did you look at it?
 
 i have my own zelda actualy lol  he jus gave me al the games so i had a veriety cuz i only had 4 or 5 of my own when i got the nintindo. 
 
 let me know if you ever change your mind on men. :) I'll find some way to get to Kansas. ;) hahah
 
 aight.. I would like zelda and link (didnt think you played those anyways. lol) and i'll pick the ones you keep up from you eventually. haha 
 
  neways. il pack em up n take em over thre. ill let u know which 1s i keep.if thts ok 
 
 what? lol
 
 ha! 
 
 damn ;)
 
 yep
 
 still off of men? lol
 
 yup
 
 thts gay! i call them by thre names. nintindo. super nintindo.... so forth
 
 lol
 
 and then they stopped trying. like xbox
 
 lol you have NES
 
 SNES
 
 64
 
 they butchered all the old ones with abbreviations
 
 thts retarded lol
 
 Nintendo Entertainment System (its just the abbreviation they gave the game system)
 
 wats nes
 
 the marios shit like tht. i got it boxed up rite now cuz im n the bsement n i dnt want no1 messin wit it when im not hre
 
 what games do you play regularly with ur NES?
 
 thts y he wanted the games 4 the nintindo so he could send those back with it
 
 haha score one for me. what games do you play?
 
 both
 
 lol
 
 the nintendo or the atari?
 
 he told me hes sendin it
 
 He's trying to find some way to make ground. so he's sending me more spoons
 
 and the nintendo
 
 and refuses to send the atari (even though I got that in colorado when mom ran off after he hit her)   If he keeps trying to give me stuff
 
 I'll keep taking it
 
 but it doesnt mean he's making ground
 
 I still think he can curl up and die
 
 thre fine
 
 he called me this mornin n told me tht u wanted al of them n he was gann send them 2 u he jus needed them 4rm me. i told him u shouldve known tht i had em. but neways he told me he was plannin on sendin them i jus needed 2 bring them back 
 
 how are the kiddos doin?
 
 eventually I would like those too. lol
 
 and I want my fucking atari
 
 he wants to be a dick
 
 I'll win this game.
 
 u do know i have all the games n the gun 2 the nintindo rite?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2858808271.html 83 cadi
 
 http://boise.craigslist.org/cto/2875602461.html there you go  86' cutlass supreme ttop
 
 you there&gt;?
 
 anyways... has our 'money makin' thing opened back up?
 
 for l ike 8K
 
 theres a couple dayton rimmed cars on hydros
 
 haha I got more mean ones on here to show you
 
 thts hot! wish i had the $$$ i would totaly buy it
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2873700317.html
 
 you look at the cadi I sent you last night? lol
 
 not syin tht. thy jus look gay... n my olds got bomb gas milage
 
 I have a van that gets like 13-20 so I need a gas saver
 
 well I aint buying a cadi or an olds
 
 I'm looking for gas mileage
 
 al 3 of those cars r gay lookin. 
 
 get on my wall and look at the three cars I'm looking at buying and give me your opinions
 
 hey car woman
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2873700317.html  heres a cadi for you. ROFL  hehe you are going to hate me
 
 its gorgeous
 
 what do you think of the three?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2843874730.html or this one
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2876432009.html or this one
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2877870041.html I might be pickign this up for 1K
 
 found thec ar I wanna buy. :)
 
 hows everything else goin? other than pregno?
 
 well. :P rofl
 
 ha 
 
 lol
 
 I'd kiss it and make it better if you let me. ;)lo l
 
 nthn. bein pregnant n fellin lik shit
 
 thts wats up. 
 
 what have you been upto ?
 
 nowt o get my a little gas saving car
 
 haha
 
 asked 4K
 
 got 3800$ bought it for 3K
 
 thts wats up
 
 Just sold my Green car for 3800$
 
 hows LV
 
 boo woman
 
 o ok
 
 I bought it off of craigslist down here in Tucson
 
 the link that has pics of my van. 
 
 wats tht?
 
 slightly getto but it works for me. I needed the space. lol\n
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2850181950.html
 
 yay
 
 lol
 
 i jus boughta van. Woot!
 
 how are the kids dion?
 
 I was just trying to see
 
 I know I'm pushin
 
 and I'msor ry
 
 but I jsut want you 
 
 no matter what it takes..   
 
 no. im not fuckin wit no1 but ryan. the small possibility tht he does come back or try 2 work things out im not ganna risk losin him again.i dnt want or need ne1 but him
 
 aint there sumfin that cud make it just one time? I dont care wat
 
 i dnt want anything or any1 but ryan gean! thts it thts all! 
 
 if you weren't knocked up
 
 I'd get you a shit load of booze so you could get drunk. ;) lol but u's all prego and shit
 
 so I'm just trying to figure it out. anything you want.
 
 did say you were! :P just saying whatever it takes
 
 I'll do it. that was an example gurl. :P
 
 no! im not a hooker
 
 Im still gonna work on it. What else can I do to get one night with you? anything
 
 I'll do it. 3 bills? I'll pay it.  told you
 
 anything. just one time. 
 
 ur wasting ur time wit ryan. hes made up his mind. he jus wants boot. he dnt want me nemore. he dnt love me nemore if he  ever did 4 tht mater. its somethng tht i have 2 deal wit n get iver
 
 just sayin. I want one night withyou
 
 so I will find a way to get it. lol
 
 ur wasting ur time 
 
 we'll figure it out. I want you
 
 and I will find a way to make it happen
 
 :) and this seems to be the way
 
 bn there done tht. try it everytime he comes over here. ive even got down n literaly begged him 2 stay. tryed holdin him back 4rm leavin. standin n4rnt of the door. the whole 9 yards
 
 maybe the next time he wants a booty call
 
 try curling up afterwards and not letting him go (i know its not your thing but still) might help
 
 Iknow hun
 
 I am working on it
 
 an I know the shit you've been through. and I wish I could have made it better. 
 
 its pointless. i bn workin on it 4 months n it hasnt made a diiference. the only place ive gotten is the fact tht he still sleeps wit me while hes wit her. he comes over while shes at work or sleepin meets me places spends time wit me comes over 2 my house n basicaly stays the night n gets up n goes back b4 she get s off work at 6. completely hipocritical but its ok 4 him 2 do it. i do it 1 time n wre not 2gther n its the end of the world. he does it on a regular n its ok cuz he got hurt. ive bn beatin raped malested held at gun point. shot at al kinds of shit n im a horrible person 4 it.
 
 he cheats on this girl on a regualr. ive bn 2 her apt on more then 1 occasion i know the whole layout of her apt. weve fucked al over herlivin room n both her couches ive drank wit him n her house. n god only knows who eles hes had n tht apt. hes told me hes bn wit other people  since hes bn wit her n yet i continue 2 let it go n stick wit him. havent bn wit no1 but him since i fucked wit shawn
 
 kk I'll run with it. I am workin on it. 
 
 he wasnt racist till i told him. didnt have a problom wit black people at al. hung out wit em everything n then he met shawn n al the bs went downats not all blacks despite wat he might say. its maiinly jus shawn n his fam cuz thy caused so much grief between the 2 of us
 
 give me all the dirt you got on him
 
 thats all it is hun
 
 I'm workin on it. Mwah
 
 its the color
 
 he's a racist biggot . 
 
 n yet im the 1 thts completely n the wrong. plus he cheats in the girl hes wit now. so y is it so different? hes so against me fuckin my ex n we wrent 2gther when i did it but hes wit this girl livin n her apt n cheats on her all the time
 
 Sorry dear
 
 I'm entirely immoral and want you once
 
 so I'll do whatever it takes to get you want you want so I can have what I want :) hehehe
 
 hmm what dirt do you have on him
 
 and his cheating? I can use it. 
 
 like i sd its a losing battle. ur wasting ur time. funny thing is we wrent 2gther when i fucked shawn but he still cosiders it cheating... he was staying wit shane and everything but it dont matter cuz im the 1 n the wrong...  n then he went fucked his ex the day i told him cuz i wouldnt let him stay at the house wit me.  n fucked wit me the same 24hr period but i let it go.  her dude is the 1 tht told me. i found out thru other people i came out n told him myself he didnt have a clue i went 2 him n admited fault n he made me live thru it time n time again telin every single detail of wat happened  he denied it till i broke him down n told him details of wat happened. like the texts thy sent back n forth or her goin 2 shanes n all tht
 
 and dont give up on me yet deary. I want you one time
 
 and will do whatever I have to to make that happen
 
 and if that means making his dumb ass take you back that is what will happen. :) Mwah luv ya
 
 Thats what's been going on
 
 I can't do it.\nIf she had cheated with anyone else.. it may be different\n..\n15 hours agoAllen Phillip Johnson\nwhy? what is so different about it? it was someone she had slept with before. she knows it was a HUGE fuck up
 
 but she wants to make it right
 
 whatever it takes. and she is damn near graveling and that is not like her\n..\n14 hours agoRyan GeanI tried to make it better.. it didn't matter when I tried. She didn't miss me til I removed myself from the picture. Stopped helpin her with her kids.. stopped paying for.. everything.. it wasn't until I left for good that she wanted me back.\n..\n10 hours agoAllen Phillip Johnson\nsometimes it takes being removed fromthe equation until you realize what you miss. My ex now realizes she misses the kids
 
 but its too late. Ifyou do care about her
 
 give her a chance. She is scared to death of needles but is willing to do that painful procedure to prove that the baby is yours\n..\nabout an hour agoRyan GeanI dont think it is\n..\n48 minutes agoAllen Phillip Johnson\nMy personal opinion of this is that you are weak minded and dont have enough balls to forgive someone for something
 
 or at least move past it. My sons not even biologically mine
 
 and my father had an affair with my wife
 
 and we worked past it
 
 and were happy. (Obviously it didn't last forever but it was another 3 happy years) If I can work past shit like that
 
 you can work past one cheating
 
 if the baby is yours. That is all she is asking. THat you see if the baby is yours and when the baby is
 
 you try to work through it.\n..\n42 minutes agoRyan GeanCan't. Will always love the girl. But cheating isn't something I tolerate or get over. Specially not when it was that filth.\n..
 
 told u u were fightin a losing battle....
 
 ?
 
 wats he say/
 
 I'm working on it dear
 
 he's stubborn and stupid. 
 
 I'm working on it
 
  still looking for any way to get you once
 
 like i sd im not fuckin wit no1. al i want is ryan
 
 i already told him id do watever it takes. n meant it... al i want is 2 b wit ryan. no1 else
 
 I'm working on it hun. its a process
 
 if it works you will have to give a lot. are you willing to do that?
 
 he asked 4 it a long time ago n i told him no cuz of my fear of needles n then told him i would do it he sd it was 2 late. even found a dr n switched 4 him 2 do it n he sd it didnt matter. the baby is his
 
 I'm working on it. seeing if he would let you take a prenatal perternity test  so that he would know its his
 
 hopefully it is...
 
 Well its more than a mistake to me.. mistakes can be corrected.. they happen on accident..  his dick didn't slip n fall and impregnate u..  u asked for itU wanted it                                                                    I can't NOT love you. It don't go away no matter how hard I pray for it to.. or how much I drink..  but I can not live with what you did.. it makes me sick to my stomache everyday.. to the point of drinking.. pretty much everyday..  and I can't be around u on a regular basis.. knowing I could NEVER have what I want with u.. its impossible and uncorrectable
 
 I just sent him this.. \nOk
 
 at least use an 'a' instead of an 'er' with me please. anyways
 
 now that that is out of the way
 
\nWhat if she went and took the prenatal paternity test? (which
 
 if you didn't know
 
 is extremely painfun for her) That way she could prove that it was yours
 
 and not 'his' ..\nThis is as tore up as I have ever seen her
 
 she knows she fucked up
 
 and in the long run
 
 she's been through more than either of us know. So
 
 how about that? if she gets a paternity test that will actually hurt her to prove that it is yours
 
 will you give her a chance to make everything better? I dont normally go out on a limb for her with dudes
 
 but you are the best one she's been with and she knows it. She already said that she'd kill her fb
 
 and phone (dont make her get rid of her phone or I'd kill ya. lol) and you can basically have her on lockdown until you get to a point where you trust her again. Do you think you could to that?\n....\nSo I will see what he says. ok?
 
 Just ignore whatever he sends
 
 I'll keep you updated ok?
 
 Hey whats up?\nOh
 
 and since you asked Tiffy why I was adding you
 
 there wasn't really a reason
 
 just saw you on the (people you may know) and figured why not. and I just got done basically belittling my sis so I figured I would get your side of the story now.\nmaybe I'll yell at her some more\n  \nThis is all I sent
 
 and he just responded to me
 
 so I can actually talk to him now. 
 
 wat did u send him? cuz he jus sent me this   Report \xb7 1:30pm I could never forgive that you ran back to that filth for nigger dick..  the fact that u could be ok with fuckin black dudes is enough for me to remove myself.. I can't deal with that..
 
 i tryed tht. it didnt work. i even told him id shut my phne off n delete my fb n the only way people would b able 2 get ahold of me would b thru him. n he still sd no. if u think u can make a difference n something tht i bn workin on since october go 4 it. but i dnt think its ganna work. hasnt thus far
 
 what doyou think?
 
 you still there?
 
 we could set up things so that you are on lockdown (tell him everything
 
 with schedules
 
 etc.. if I can get him to go for it
 
 he'd control you
 
 at least until he was able to trust you again)  do you want me to try?  can you be 'controlled'  if it might help him trust you?
 
 i tryed tht 1. he sd he will never trust me n a relationship. wouldnt know who im talkin 2 or goin 2 c or even fuckin
 
 thts cuz i dnt show no feelins. its blackmail! n thts exactly wat happend here. didnt care got kicked n the face showed i care n got kicked agaain even harder
 
 kk I'll work on it hun. maybe I can turn that into 
 
 if he still likes you enough to hit you up for booty he should give you a chance with strict guidelines to see if you can be 'tamed' 
 
 he aint mad when he wants boot! 
 
 10 hours agoRyan GeanY is ur brother phillip adding me on facebook?\n..\n9 hours agoTiffany Thornington\ni thght he was already on ur friend list... he messaged me earlier n asked how we wre doin n i told him we wrnt 2gther nemore. he asked y n i told him wat i did.\n..\n8 hours agoRyan GeanHe probly thought it was funny.. good nigger joke\n..\n5 hours agoTiffany Thornington\nno he wasnt thrilled at al. asked y i would do somethn like tht n wat was wrng wit me. told me i was an idiot cuz ur the 1 tht was actualy thre 4 me n the kids n really took care of us n actualy loved me. i told him i know. he asked if i tryed 2 work things out wit u n i told him ya n tht u didnt wanna work it out. u dnt wanna b wit me nemre. u dnt love me like u used 2. . ur wit some1 else n u live wit her... ud rather b wit her then work it out wit me. he didnt say alot after tht except i\n..\n4 hours agoTiffany Thornington\nneed 2 get my shit 2gther n stop bn such a pridful bitch 2 the people tht love me n b more lovn n caring n grow the fuck up n let shit go n not hold grudges. i told him i know i was tryn 2 show u but u dnt want me nemre n i dnt want ne1 else bt u. im fightin a losin battle.. las thing he sd was dnt give up. if its meant 2 b it will b. if u ever realy loved me ud 4give me cuz thts wat true love is about\n..\n4 hours agoTiffany Thornington\ndnt mater neway nthn i say or do will ever make a diffrence. u dnt want me nemre n u dnt love me nemore. i ruined it n u. i will never get the chance 2 prve 2 u tht ur the only 1 i want. jus get 2 sit here miserable 4 the rest of my life lovn some1 tht dnt want me. n watch some1 else love u.. n b lucky i get the lil bit of attention tht i do untill u dnt want tht nemore also\n..Ryan is typing ....Write a reply...\n.\n...\n.Link. \n
 
 :P
 
 have faith young one
 
 because I randomly add people. tahts why. lol   and I am good at manipulation hun. I'll work on it. 
 
 he already asked me y u wre adding him on fb like i sd hes not stupid n its not ganna make a difference
 
 so does that sound like a plan?  me try to get him back wit you?  he'll prolly listen to me more than you . member... Imma gooooood kid. ROFL
 
 not sure yet. 
 
 i dnt remember bout ne farm
 
 Better not be till after I see you girl
 
 cool cool. when you thinkin of vacating KS?
 
 my cousin lance lives in colorado springs. he ganna help me get some shit 2gther n il b movin 2 greeley colorada. 5 bdroom house
 
 we talked when I was in town about some dude wanting you to move and run his grass farm
 
 idk wat ur talkin bout.
 
 guess I'm thinking of another dude 
 
 wanted you to move with him and run his 'tree' farm
 
 idk wat ur talkin bout/
 
 wat farm r u takin bout
 
 movin to Co . I thought that was the guy that wanted you to run his 'farm'
 
 ??
 
 no
 
 you can't move to colorado
 
 isn't that the guy that would pay for everything fo ryou to be a mistress?
 
 im thinkin bout jus sayin fuck it n move 2 co
 
 MWAH! ;)
 
 :P lol
 
 ha
 
 wether you want it or not I'm getting ahug when I'm in town. :P
 
 .. lol
 
 ur good. its jus bn sitin i got al the work done tht dnt requre heavy tools. jus waitin on my dad 2 have time 2 do it or it not b 2 cold out. otherwise i would have it done already. n he wont let me use his tools cuz thre super expensive. thinkin bout sayin fuck it n movin back 2 sc or 2 co
 
 I'll try to help a lil when I'm in town from the 2nd-10th Feb if I have down time
 
 its not at al. still jus sitin there wit nthn bn done at al. bout 2 say fuck it n jus move.
 
 Hows the house coming?
 
 hey hun. \n
 
 :P
 
 txt me
 
 I'm leaving work now. Mwah l8r
 
 hows the pregnancy going?
 
 yup over a G spent on gas and hotels..
 
 wow
 
 I'm broke as fuck too. had to drive to Boise Idaho and back to get the kids since marissa somehow was too broke to meet me halfway on the pickup
 
 hmm ok
 
 your phone still good?
 
 ah. fine. got the caddy runnin but broke as fuck. doin bad down here. sick as fuck. got bronkitis. turnin n 2 ammonia. n sorry dnt get anything 4rm u. 
 
 hows everything on your end? since you go for weeks without talking to me. :P
 
 Had to wait till I got closer to my lease ending to try and make an offer.. lol
 
 already seen it n thght u wre buyinn it long time ago
 
 chekc out the house I'm looking at buying
 
 :P
 
 Hey woman. you should check your facebook occasionally
 
 hey girly
 
 hey girl
 
 I'm cool with most shit but that stuff fucked up
 
 oh god...
 
 the only thing ne1s messin wit is meth down here
 
 do a like 70/30 split since you need the money
 
 damn... I was hoping I could help out that way.. 
 
 no every1s getin busted down hee
 
 any money making opportunities? or no?
 
 i know u would. 
 
 u still there girly
 
 it would put you in a good mood. help the lil ones.  and put you in a good mood for when I come visit. lol
 
 you know I would if I could. 
 
 ur good.
 
 36 hours of driving on one paycheck
 
 I have to drive 9 hours 1 way to drop the kids off with Marissa for Christmas then do it again on the 30th to pick them up
 
 I'm broke as fuck or I'd help. you know that
 
 broke. doin hella bad. cant even takecare of my kids. babys bday 2morow n got nthn. christmass sunday got nthn car still aint done. house still aint done. no job nthn jus sitin here stuck on stupid
 
 whats up dear?
 
 i aint got nthn 4rm u. n idk. im doin hella bad rite now. aint bn talkin 2 no1 or nething
 
 so we still chillin if I swing through Ks?
 
 i been txtin
 
 but you havent been responding
 
 not yet. its bout 2 b off n the next day or so tho y
 
 you get ur phone turned off again?
 
 hi
 
 Hola deary
 
 hey woman
 
 :P
 
 boo
 
 hey hun. whats been going on?
 
 fine girly.. so respond. :P
 
 hey gurl
 
 HAHA  interesting status update..
 
 Hey girl!   whats up
 
 Hey girly. this is my work facebook
 
 what have you been up to?
 
 Nope
 
 no cell phone. But my email is apj_elfman@yahoo.com \n\nSo email me some :P :P
 
 u gt a cel? i dnt post pics of the kids. mike trys 2 gt pics of the kids al the tme il send pics 2 ur phne 
 
 Put Pictures of all of your kids.... Or... At least List them all!!!!!!!!!\n\n:P
 
 worth a shot ROFLMAO
 
 Um no
 
 lol and everytime you say that you should send a lingerie pic. :)  and maybe after 10 or 20 lingerie and nude pics I'll agree with you HAHA
 
 Ok I will
 
 suuuure lol .   :P  keep saying that. HAHA
 
 Yes you do they are just hidden
 
 you know its true. I basically have no morals or ethical values. lol
 
 Haha
 
 even though I'm an asshole
 
 and a terrible person LMAO
 
 you everyone that has stuck around and dealt with me this long knows that
 
 and somehow.. its almost an endearing quality rofl
 
 Yes you are
 
 I miss the long hours LMAO (I'm odd I know)
 
 If they can approve an accellerated Masters program I might consider it
 
 but I want to be put back in a dark basement and to analytical work again . lol
 
 Wow lol I am going for a masters in early childhood education and have a bachelors in park management and conservation and an associates in animal science and industry
 
 By the time I'm done (hopefully by the end of spring 17. I'll have my B.S. Information
 
 Science
 
 Technology and Arts    with a minor in Music
 
 E-Society
 
 Linguistics
 
 and a thematic minor in Big Data analysis and Social Networks as an emerging singularity
 
 darn ROFL
 
 haha
 
 I don't plan on starting
 
 maybe I can be the first lol :)
 
 I have never taken any
 
 I never got lingerie or nude pics from you... :P  :P :P lol  I'd pay ;)
 
 You use your memory
 
 so... how do I get some yummy amazing pictures of you? ;) lol haha
 
 Yea lol she is only 13 months but I am going to see how she does with potty training
 
 You should send a pic of you :)
 
 I know the feeling.. Been there .. done that HAHA
 
 Lil ones getting closer to school lol then you can work again lol
 
 This is what I am fighting with today
 
 
 
 He just made staff so it's not bad I miss working though
 
 COLA etc...
 
 mr. raking in the money? lol
 
 Good to hear. :)
 
 Yes so far so good I am enjoying Japan
 
 darn. lol I'd love some amazing pics of you.... :P  haha..   So... hows everything oging? good i hope.
 
 No that's ok
 
 I meant to do your work HAHA
 
 I have an A right now so I think I'm good lol
 
 so.. want some help with your classes? :)
 
 I will end up graduating with a B.S. and 4 minors all relating to my major in different areas
 
 this is my 3rd semester over 20 units
 
 I got approved for 19 in the summer fast courses
 
 and 24 units this fall.
 
 I am in 3 and it's a six  week class
 
 work never bothers me
 
 the more I have the easier it is to do.
 
 I'm only in 22units this semester
 
 and I'd be getting something yummy in return for doing yours ;) haha  lol
 
 Don't you already have tons of work to do
 
 lol well maybe we can come to an arrangement where I just do it all for you haha ;)
 
 I am in a research class right now
 
 I would prefer not to do school at all lol but I am almost halfway done with my masters now
 
 lol need someone to help with school? ;)  you could 'help' me in return. hehe.. :P :P haha  what classes are you in?
 
 School softball dogs and Evelyn lol
 
 what ahve you been up to girly?
 
 I had a couple ;) lol interested? Jk. Lol
 
 No idea lol
 
 Didnt see it two days ago lol.   And what wpuld i have gotten in return ;) rofl jk
 
 If you would have offered like 2 days ago lol
 
 Darn ;) lol. 
 
 I almost finished it lol only 2 pages left
 
 What do i get for writing it for you? ;)
 
 Fun fun lol
 
 Haha it's on gamification in the classroom
 
 What kind of paper do you need typed? Lol
 
 Lol
 
 :-(
 
 Nope
 
 Yummy.  I wanna see the baby belly too :p
 
 
 
 lol
 
 lol you are insane that is a lot of kids
 
 so.. I owned my own house at 22-23yr old. wonder if your mom would approve me now. ? ;) lmao  haha
 
 &lt;(")
 
 all live with me :D lol
 
 so random stuff you might not know about me. lol I now have 7 kids total. 5 biological
 
 nice
 
 currently I'm a double major single minor that I can finish in 4.5 semesters.
 
 i guess not but i went to college and i would never do that
 
 :P
 
 did I ever do anything to the normally accepted levels when you saw me on a daily occurance?
 
 insane
 
 lol I got approved for 23 credits next semester (full time is 12)
 
 you are crazy that is way to much school
 
 I got out after 6 years. now I'm at university of Arizona full time Music Ed (trumpet focus) 
 
 Information Science
 
 and technology (programming degree) and a minor in business admin
 
 trying to get in another major for vocal performance as well. :D
 
 so soon it will just be his paycheck for a while
 
 oh well but i am trying to get out now
 
 tsk tsk.
 
 we were married already separated so we don't qualify
 
 yes we are both getting paid but not any separation pay
 
 money doing ok since you are initaly and hes doing a short tour in Korea?
 
 yes i know but oh well lol
 
 I'm a horrible person.. didn't you know :D
 
 that is just funny
 
 howso? lol  Justine Patton stopped talking to me in 7th grade. lmao
 
 weird
 
 You are literally my only ex that still talks to me and doesn't hate me. lol
 
 okie dokie
 
 message me more :P
 
 Mwah  have fun hun
 
 :D  Yippee lol
 
 after work i will send one through fb
 
 but I bet you look even more beautiful pregnant than you normally do :)   Could I pwetty pwease get a full length pic of you (showing the baby belly of course) :)
 
 i don't like taking pictures of myself i am to big
 
 that way family in the states can see
 
 i am doing the picture everyweek and putting it in the baby folder
 
 but I want a pic just for me :P ;)  lol
 
 i am huge and all over facebook
 
 yes I know!
 
 so. .. do I get a recent pic of you deary
 
 anyone who knows me knows I'd kill for them :)
 
 I am in Italy and my husband is in korea
 
 I am super happy you got them back
 
 wheres the mr?  deployed?  and you should text me (if you're in the states) or email me if you are overseas
 
 yea I got the kiddos back. temp orders with full custody until the divorce is finalized
 
 well it isn't to great doing it all by myself
 
 how are you? I saw you got your kiddos back
 
 what do you mean deary
 
 as good as it is going to get right now anyway
 
 its alright
 
 hows life
 
 love
 
 finances
 
 pregnancy. all the fun stuff? ;)
 
 hello!
 
 hey girly
 
 :)
 
 yes it is Just lots of school work 
 
 :)   hope everything else is going well also deeary
 
 well thank you anyways 
 
 haha yeah 
 
 My college is a little different thanyours. lol
 
 you knew what I meant hun :P
 
 grad pics.. 
 
 these are my graduation pics lol
 
 senior pics?
 
 Love the senior pics deary. You look marvelous :)
 
 alrighty
 
 so no worries deary. lol
 
 haha after the wonderful stuff I've been through
 
 your (normaly funny and blunt) comments arent going to hurt my feelings. lol
 
 im not mean so no comment
 
 nope not on that cuz it would hurt your feelings
 
 not allowed to comment? lol
 
 im not aloud to
 
 lol that didn't answer the second comment ;)
 
 your welcome i like being different
 
 soo.. when are we doing that pool date again? ;) jk jk
 
 so thank you for being 'different' lol
 
 lol its ok
 
 made you pretty much my only ex that I still talk to. 
 
 haha yea sorry you were a little slow to the party
 
 :P :P
 
 although
 
 I did love that night in the pool HEHEHE  hahah
 
 something about you dating me before I knew
 
 and breaking up with me before I knew. ;) lol rofl
 
 haha... well we all have interesting pasts. lol 
 
 ha good cuz he likes his toes
 
 so I dont want to step on toes. lol
 
 well there might be more
 
 but you aren't single. :P
 
 haha oh you are so sweet
 
 because if you get put in the hospital again
 
 Imma fly my ass to KS
 
 giv eyou a kiss on the forehead
 
 and give you a football
 
 just because I know you like soccer better. ROFL ;)
 
 :) 
 
 yeah I know and i does
 
 :P
 
 just keep taking care of yourself
 
 :)  whatever works deary. lol
 
 ya well i just gave up goin in it was just making me mad so now I just ignore it 
 
 odd
 
 nope
 
 good  they ever figure out what everything was?
 
 health is good I dont have much stress so I am not having headaches often and that good
 
 hows your health doing?
 
 good to hear dear :) glad things r going well for u
 
 everything goooooooddddddd
 
 hows work
 
 school
 
 bf
 
 etc..
 
 i know right lol
 
 geez
 
 and its not bulk
 
 (this dude is scary)  but I want to be like 'half' as fit (upper body) as he is. 
 
 the video is posted on my wall
 
 You should check out my new fitness goal. lol
 
 haroo
 
 Hey hun
 
 hahaha that would be scarry
 
 and to kidnap unsuspected hotties like you. ;) rofl jk jk
 
 yea i like his hair 
 
 lol. me and adam matched. haha
 
 lil ones look cute you kinda look scarry 
 
 what did you think of mine and the kids costumes? lol
 
 lol you perfect lil housewife. haha
 
 I graduate in may 
 
 thats alright i love kids wouldnt mind at all 
 
 careful now.. :P you might end up with some lil ones. lol
 
 nice
 
 yup love the mountains and going back in May 
 
 lol you mountain girl. :P
 
 yea that was before i spent all summer with him in the mountains
 
 Sounds like you are doing better than 6 months ago
 
 thats good to hear. 
 
 both doin good  :) 
 
 How are you doing? and the bf?
 
 hello
 
 Hey Girly
 
 just saying hi. lol
 
 yes
 
 :D\n
 
 mime.... mr.... mime
 
 I'm alright
 
 kids are good.  hows school
 
 everything is good  how are you?
 
 Hows everything going for you dear
 
 get on chat
 
 hehehehehe
 
 :)
 
 I emailed you
 
 haha ok
 
 well we have to chill
 
 and maybe I'll break into your heart without getting cut with a machete
 
 yes i am sorry i had to work later than they had told me
 
 I am going to bed its 3:30am here but I will helpyou with the cam tomorrow. (check your email for you term paper) Mwah Good night dear
 
 just trying to be funny....
 
 we all love you and want to see you happy :D\n\nand I'll make sure you have a great time when you come visit.
 
 Heres what you guys bought the kids. (legos are adam Billy) (blocks are aiden sonya) games are everyones
 
 knitting is renes. And the thing in the left is a painting castle that turns into a toy (one for saundra one for sophia) amd the each get makeup also.
 
 
 
 Heard about austin last night really late from Allen.   He got arrested for possession with intent to sell? Federal charge and no bail. Thatsvwhat allen said the charges were. Have i missed anything else?
 
 Ya
 
 Congrats!  Does that mean that your divorce is final also?
 
 Johnny c. got to pitch tonight
 
 They pulled from the behind in the last game
 
 Hopefully they win
 
 go for the the Royals tonight!!
 
 Will do. Night
 
 Take care and good night
 
 Love you guys too
 
 LOve you.
 
 We're used to it
 
 I'm sorry.
 
 Going on 8 years of progressively worse and worse car house job stuff... Eventually it should plateau
 
 It's got to get better soon.
 
 Per the usual for us unfortunately
 
 Replaced all four studs on sunday...  Snapped 2 today (same wheel)   black vans engine blew end of last week \nWe (quick fixed) the white van so we can pick the kids up amd drop off at school 2 blocks from home. But now no car for me and mikey to go to school work or work
 
 What is going on???
 
 Nice. She'll love that
 
 That's a bus tour that Dolores is on.  there were 6 buses from KC area going.
 
 Good luck
 
 I have to replace the studs again. And whenever i get money ill see what else is wrong
 
 Have you got your car running?
 
 He is OK but the kia is not.
 
 He ok?
 
 Hear from Debbie that Allen ran over an open manhole with the Kia.
 
 Ok
 
 Only 3 are good
 
 Will tell grandpa
 
 OK
 
 I havemt had time to try and get pictures from you . ive been to busy.  If he can sell them. Let him
 
 Thats fine.  
 
 Grandpa wants to know about Allan selling your tires
 
 Tryl
 
 Keep the bills paid. Take care.  ttyl
 
 And starting next month. We actually are brining more money into the house than we have bills.  Not a lot more. But its better than where we were
 
 Theres no noise or shake when you are over 65mph only. When your in town. So they were wrecked. But atill straight. It os the in town turning that finished them off
 
 It is amazing that you made it safely back.
 
 Love you too miss you guys.   We're finally caught up on the bills.   Having the nissan fixex as soon as the last part comes in. Dont tell grandpa.  But full rack and pinion and both half shafts for the front were also destroyed in the accident.  Shop quoted me 2600. I got the parts for 500 and a buddy whos a racer is putting them i. For me for 800.  So half price of the shop overall
 
 Luv you
 
 Will try
 
 Take care and get some rest.
 
 Good.
 
 Good so far
 
 How are the kids doing in school?
 
 Yup
 
 OMG  when it rain it pours
 
 Ya.  Washer broke the other day. And housw flooded again today.   Just everything piling up again.  Haha start school on monday after work
 
 From your house?
 
 Yup
 
 Busy Day
 
 Hi.  Just got done moving 2 washers and a. Dryer. After getting off work haha
 
 Hello
 
 Thanks
 
 Good Luck!
 
 24th of aug
 
 Back to school???
 
 No clue
 
 When will that be?
 
 It was just the last settlement conference. No settlement. Now planning real court
 
 How did court go? Have you heard anything yet?
 
 Thanks
 
 Good luck with the court date.
 
 sleep tight
 
 Haha. Night night
 
 I know!  Get your sleep.  Too bad it had to be so hot while you where here.
 
 Not really. Haha.  Sruff to do\n\nGetting ready to go to bed for work tonight
 
 are you getting rested from the drive?
 
 Thank you
 
 Have a wonderful day!
 
 Early "Happy Birthday".
 
 Grandpa says "Thank God".  It is always good to get home.
 
 Home
 
 drive safe. you are on the downhill side
 
 7 hpurs left
 
 how is it going?
 
 Getting gas
 
 
 
 are you texting and driving
 
 Stratford
 
 how far form home
 
 About 30 miles past strayford tx
 
 where are you
 
 Ok.  No worries
 
 'carsseat is in our van.  Will box it up and send it.  Sorry forgot it was there
 
 Saundra
 
 Almost
 
 Amidst there
 
 Back
 
 Heading bank
 
 Hour or two
 
 when will u be down
 
 Good
 
 Yup at Wal-Mart school shopping haha
 
 Are youOK?
 
 Have fun!
 
 Thanks
 
 Ok. At moms.  Kids have slushies to finish calming them down haha
 
 Getting ready to leave
 
 are you on your way?
 
 You need to be getting some sleep
 
 super
 
 Probably there around 5.  Is thar ok?
 
 Grandpa has a power washer.  he wants to do before painting. Give me an idea what time so I can start supper.
 
 Imma bring nicholas with me when i come. back so we can do the porch painting in the morning
 
 Getting ready to stop in Santa Rosa for gas
 
 60 miles away from tucomcari
 
 will leave the back door unlock
 
 where are you?
 
 In like 20 minutes.  At store currently
 
 When are you leaving
 
 I will
 
 You drive careful.
 
 Good Looking forward to seeing you!!!!
 
 I know :)
 
 You are more than welcome to stay here.
 
 Hopefully tuesday depending when i leave to.orrow. i get off w9rk at like 11am time here \nIll be there at least a couple of the nights . not sure of everything currently yet
 
 Will you be staying here?
 
 So be here on Tuesday!  We just had Nick's cake and Ice cream - 15.  They been here since their ic doesn't work.
 
 I leave tomorrow tonstartdriving
 
 When are you coming to KS?
 
 Are you up already?
 
 looking forwards to see them
 
 Thatbshould be fun
 
 Adam and Saundra are supposed to be here on Monday.
 
 Then sleep
 
 3.5 hrs left
 
 Yep
 
 at work
 
 Morning
 
 Good Morining
 
 Was not enough time when they were here
 
 Haha
 
 Adam asked me if I would show how to make jam.
 
 They enjoyed the animals at Gretchen farm.
 
 We did!
 
 Lol.  Glad eveyone had fun :)
 
 Had a good time with Adam and Saundra yesterday.  Showed them the picture of you and the cowboy hat.  Saundra wanted to know if that was her.  They both said that he is so cute.
 
 Thanks
 
 Will take pixs.
 
 Theyll have fun
 
 plan to let them did potatoes. and pick squash
 
 tomatoes and green beans.  With all the rain in May garden is late.
 
 Good. I hope you guys have fun
 
 Looking forwards to seeing Adam and Saundra on Thursday.
 
 Ok. Sounds good
 
 While getting ready for a garage sale found a couple of boxes that belong to you.  While you are here you might want to go through them.
 
 ok sleep tight
 
 Good.  :)   im going to go to sleep. I call them in  Like 2 hours. And i work tonight
 
 Got to talk to Saundra!
 
 You too
 
 Ttyl. Love you guys miss you
 
 ttyl love you guys
 
 Wow almost empty nesters.
 
 Wed-sunday down to 3.  Renes at her dads
 
 So you are down to 4 kiddos?
 
 Fri 11-830 sat 10-9. Sun 10-930.   Pm-am
 
 Is the 34 straight.
 
 Its fine.  Stressful but fine.  Im supporting two guys. Ones blind with cerebral paulsy and the other is developmental. Billy ...about another week i think
 
 How long will Billy be in Cali?  That is a lot of hours in a weekend.  How is the job.
 
 Stressed.  As usual.  Billy is in california.    And im working weekend overnights as a special needs mentor again.  34+ hours in 3 days.
 
 How is everyone?
 
 913 547 3440
 
 OK thanks.
 
 Ya.  4pm ur time
 
 Umm. Lemme check
 
 Ok Tomorrow at 4 our time. Same number as she had.
 
 The 26th
 
 4pm on saundras bday
 
 4 today??
 
 Oh... And this is in ks time. Sorry. Haha just making sure
 
 Ok. Talked to marissa.  You can call the kids at 4pm.  If she doesnt answer call me . im calling them at 7pm (my normal time)
 
 OK or maybe tonight if they are too busy
 
 Ill ask.  Ill text her and message you when i hear back from her.   I guess they have some big party thing planned. Ill text her now and let you know
 
 Do you Marrira will let me talk to them
 
 Yup
 
 Saundra's birthday tomorrow
 
 Take care. love you all
 
 The 53 year old father will be facing charge for supply the alcohol and precription drugs.
 
 Apparentlu the crazy has spread.   Got to go.my clients are waking up.  Love you. Miss you guys
 
 Now their little girl will not have a mother or a father.  But this is T-town not KCK
 
 Things people do
 
 It is.  I knew a young man from the library that shot his girfriend last year.  was a nice guy.
 
 Sad
 
 A 13 year old girl was gang rape at an apt. near the grocery here.  I problay know some of the kids involoved from the library.
 
 That sounds like no fun.   Im still at work.  First overnight shift at new job.  Been here since 10pm last night\n\nThat's a lot of berries
 
 Done picking gooseberries - sold 51 lbs.
 
 Good Morning!!!  Going for high of mid 90's today and heat index of 106
 
 OK
 
 Me too. Getting ready to headv to work
 
 Looking forward to seeing you in July!
 
 it took me to active state to download the most recent python software
 
 i already did on gmas computer
 
 Google. Python programming
 
 i dont have a tablet for schoo 
 
 i have a kindle fire and polaroid tablet though
 
 Do you have your tablet for s hool
 
 not quite understanding but wll look into this more
 
 okey dokey
 
 It's a computer language.  Easy to learn.  And useful when you have it  down
 
 the programming for dummies python?
 
 further definition
 
 Its a language
 
 python?
 
 Ok... start with. Python
 
 *chat
 
 i meant write down tips or something and drop them off so i could start somewhere and cat with you to figure out the more ligical parts of it
 
 Im knly gonna be yhere for a couple days max but ya and...  I have a phone and email. And and and and
 
 when you come down can you give my some starting tips on computer science and programming along with coding?
 
 Lol
 
 so its all better
 
 Stop breaking
 
 but im taking trig next year
 
 yep
 
 Booooooo
 
 also i was diagnosed with scoliosis
 
 i cant
 
 Stop breaking
 
 wwwhhhyyy nnnooottt???
 
 Wjyyyyyyyyy
 
 double fractured L4 vertabrae and theyre looking at putting a screw in into my back to keep the disk from slipping
 
 What now
 
 Whyyyyyy
 
 literally 
 
 i broke my back lol
 
 so am i
 
 Im broke
 
 i love that car though
 
 buy a trailer
 
 
 
 Lol. My vans wont make it to ks. Ill have to brimg my lil car
 
 bring a van
 
 gma said there is lots of stuff for you to bring back to arizona with you
 

 
 Figured lol
 
 btw this is nick talking
 
 okey dokey
 
 i had a blonde moment and couldnt remeber
 
 June 26
 
 when is saundras birhtday?
 
 Hello
 
 hhhhhhhiiiiiiii- nick
 
 Mikki said we need a bunt pan.  Cookie sheets.  Maybe some glasses. But ib think that's about it
 
 Ok ill ask nikki or. You can shoot her a message. And ill let you know
 
 Getting ready for a garage sale so if I know what you can use will save it for  you.
 
 I have lots of pie pans - glasses - and the lists goes on.  Have a box to send out.  Hit some garage sales with lots of nice girl clothes.
 
 Ill asknikki.  And i can't wait till July.  Miss everyone
 
 Looking forward to seeing you in July.  Do you need cake pans
 
 etc?  I am downsizing.
 
 Have lots of pix of you when were little.
 
 Ok
 
 Will start posting flashback pix so watch out.
 
 The sunflower ya
 
 Did you see you and Austin pix?
 
 Nice
 
 You buy the phone and no contracts.  My plan is $10 a month.
 
 Ok
 
 New cell phone number 913-416-9195. Republic Wireless is wireless and so does not cost me minutes.
 
 Love you guys too
 
 love you guys.
 
 ttyl.
 
 I hope so.  Will be hard work but that does not matter.
 
 Fun
 
 Heck I don't even make $10 an hour after working there 10 years.  will start out at the new job 8.53  but will be working with lot of people that I alway know but handling high$  clothing that some movie star buy.
 
 10$ per hour raise first haha
 
 Haha
 
 Library Board President wanted to get my job back but I said no.
 
 I use the wide mouth pint jar for glasses.
 
 Ill round up our empties. Weve been using some of them as glasses haha
 
 So much of my garden is turning yellow because of all the rain.
 
 If I get the job I applied for I will take off a week between.
 
 But I am so tire.  Plan to make strawberry/gooseberry jam in the morning.  bring back empty jars and I will send back full jars.  Deal?
 
 Good
 
 as of today sold 47 lbs.
 
 Once it gets hot they will start to turn pink and stop growing.  Should have still sweet corn by end of July
 
 Still gonna be some to pick the end of july?
 
 Wow
 
 Up to 52 pounds of gooseberries so far. Any many more to pick
 
 So I am really worried about him.
 
 When he turn 18 his getting away from Allen was to move to Matt's Mom.  Allan moved in with them.  So he did not get away from him.
 
 I don'y agree Dakota was a "brother" to him.  Austin was raped when he spent the summer with Allan and "Deb.  He is stay with your Mom right now
 
  You can call him there.  He works late hours.
 
 He was so happen that you were back and then have that happen.  He does so look up to you.
 
 All I knew at that time was that you and Austin was in the car.
 
 Oh
 
 That is hateful
 
 Your mom said there would have been six kids if Austin was doing his job.
 
 Im confused..
 
 Your mom can come only if she behaves.  None of what happen at your party.  Did not know what had happen until months later.
 
 That would be fun
 
 Don't know.  Am planning to have Linda and her kids - Kristina family out sometime this summer.  Would like to get McKinley and Sadie together.
 
 He should be ok.  Minus the dakotah thing hes basically dealing with what i went through . he'll bounce back
 
 I worry about him.
 
 Maybe quilting at the center I will get busy and make you a grownup one.
 
 I messge him occasionally its hard to get him to respond
 
 Do you every talk to Austin?  He is having a hard time with Dakota death.
 
 Yup it had a good life
 
 I am sorry.  It lasted you a long time.  The younger boys has Austin's Harry Potter quilt.
 
 I dont know if i told you but my quilt finally died.   Twins got ahold of it with sophia  a couple months ago :(
 
 Been going to senior center to help with quilting.
 
 Texas is having some major flooding.  We do not need anymore rain for now.
 
 I wish it would start the rainy season here
 
 Don't know what to do if I have time to relax.  With all the rain we have been having.  Basement is flooded.  Shop vaccuum every hour.
 
 No will go to apply at Peruvian Connection on Thursday.  I have 4 references that work there and they are hiring.
 
 More time to relax
 
 I have resigned from the library.  Will work my 2 weeks and I am gone.
 
 Not fair.
 
 It is hard to know that they are here in KS. and we can't  see them
 
 I know they went to worlds of fun yesterday
 
 Until i get an answer on her plans this summer
 
 Probably the opposite
 
 Do you think it would do any good if I call Marissa or go see her grandparents.?
 
 Maybe a day or two. Adam has a doctor appointment on the 27th and 31st.   Im working to get you and grandpa a day with them and mom a day with them
 
 Will you be able to spend some time when you pick them up?
 
 Ya they are in ks. And i am out of school until august
 
 You're out of school until August?
 
 I though it was until 7-24.
 
 Ya. Until august
 
 Adam and Saundra are in KS. now?
 
 Are you out of school for the summer?
 
 Thanks and i will
 
 In today job market the fact that you got an interview says a lot for you.  Keep up the good work.
 
 It doesn't help the fact I have not live in Mo. for over 50 year.  But we got her cemetery plot bought.  It is close to Mom &amp; Dad's.  She will have get intouch with a funeral director in Idep. for her service up here and then they will do the arrangement with Meta.  She does not have the head stone yet.  Small town can be wonderful.  The little bank in Meta got me in touch with people I needed get in touch with.  Our cell phones would work because of the hills.Very stressful not knowing people.
 
 I wouldnt even know where to start
 
 but i can imagine
 
 So tire be a long 3 days getting Dolores pre=funeral arrangements made.  So stressful finding how we need to talk to.
 
 Patrons do but not the staff.
 
 Oh.. Poor library. They loved you
 
 Will be turning in resignation today at the library
 
 So not fair.
 
 Ill ask her. And see what she says but shes not required
 
 That is so hard when they are this close and not be able to see them.
 
 Its not part of the order so i dont knwo if shell let my side see them. But once j pick them up i plan on hopefully doing a day at your guys house and and afternoon with mom and letting dad see them real quick.
 
 Will we get to spend some time with them?
 
 Me too
 
 OK I will wish for the best.
 
 I dont have a choice. If i kept them i wouldve gone to jail
 
 Maybe she will hid them where they cannot be found.
 
 And since its a court order with a return date. If she hides them this time she goes straight to jail
 
 Because they put in for temp orders that allowed summer visits.  I pick them up july 24.   But the temp orders went through that she gets them this summer
 
 How can that be?
 
 I dont have a choicem its court ordered
 
 PHILLIP.  OMG  you are letting them to go to the mom after last summer?????
 
 I'm just starting. Some strawberries.  Lots of kale.
 
 Wow
 
 Picked 8 lb of gooseberries so far.
 
 Good. At least you guys missed the hard weather
 
 Dodge the severe weather last but lots of rain.  Lyon Co. had a train derail (tornado?) Orrick
 
 Mo hit by another tornado again this year.  Sunny and windy today.  Busy picking gooseberries.  Should be a bumper crop.  Will go with sis Dolores this week to help her with pre-funeral arrangements.  Good to get that done again of time. Respect her wishes - down in writing.  busy time. Spent several hours with a city employee at the flower garden.  Flood water and mud over the sidewalk - a dangerous situation for walker and bikes.  Got it all clean and safe.
 
 Great! Found out a wire transfer.  It does cost but would be done immediately from my bank to your bank.  Less worry.
 
 But its deposited
 
 Deposited it.  6 business day hold to verify
 
 In 2015 1 1/2 week is too long for the mail.
 
 GOOD! Now cash the check and pay toward your morgage.
 
 Finally got the mail
 
 We've only gotten junk mail for the last 4 days(not even addressed tho me)  So were going too the post office tomorrow
 
 Ill let ypu know if we get it when the mail gets in today
 
 I sent the check on the 7th.  I should have gotten a money order.
 
 Looks like im going to have all As and Bs with one C/D
 
 Nothing from IBM yet
 
 B is not bad.  I know you want more.  Have you heard anything back from IBM?  I am checking with my bank to see if the check has been cashed.
 
 I did end up getting a B in my graduate level computer programming class that its purpose was to analyze and eztract meaning from text (like reading a book and printing a synopsis)
 
 Finals were ok.   Still waiting to see what i get in the class i had issues in. Its either a c or d. But everything else is As and Bs
 
 How was finals?
 
 I know what you mean. I had one my co-workers correct my quick post.  I do not post anything to her anymore.
 
 We'll.
 
 Well check when the mail comes i to today and let you know one way or the other
 
 It should have gotten already.  It scares me because the check is in it.  I did change the address after the PO found that it was wrong even tho you have been getting mail from me.
 
 Have not gotten cards yet.  Got the box but not cards. Mail hasnt come todday yet
 
 finals over?
 
 did you get the cards?
 
 Thank you so much!  It is so sweet of you! Spent the day doing garden work.  Been raining a lot so need to get everything caught before I start picking gooseberries i a week or so.
 
 Happy happy mothers day!:-)
 
 7962 e 2nd st Tucson az 85710
 
 You should be getting the card I sent at 9:00 this morning soon.
 
 Went PO this morning come to find out that the address that I have using all these years was wrong.7962 instead of 7692?????
 
 Still haven't gotten the other card. Just asked nikki
 
 Mailing you a card this morning.  Have you received the card from Monday???
 
 CONGRATS!!!! :)  that is good news
 
 GOOD NEW!!! Doctor just called about my PET scan and I will have to have a cat scan every six months for a couple of years to see if there is any growth. Whee dodge that bullet.  May not have lung cancer (?) after all.
 
 ok
 
 this is between you and me not your mom or bill or brothers.
 
 Thank you. More than I can ever express.
 
 ok
 
 I can do this for you take care of yourself and your family.  Grandpa is not to know
 
 yes it will definitely help
 
 we can probably find the other 5 - 6K through people.
 
 you guys don't have that kind of money do you? I wont be able to even attempt to pay it back for awhile. I don't know if I got the intern spot at IBM even
 
 $10000 will that be enough to help?
 
 Ok..   and I'm going to try
 
 I only have piano
 
 clarinet
 
 and statistics left
 
 Do go on your finals
 
 I am sending you a card in the morning.  This is between you and me not grandpa. understand..  I will be having some high med. bills coming.
 
 We're trying not to. But we're about 15thousand behind now
 
 I can give you some.  You should be getting a card in a day or two with a check.  It should have gotten there before the box but it return like the xmas card..Don't let the house go into foreclosure.
 
 Marc Thirey  
 
may have to paid the damage to the truck.  Sad part is that they layed there from 7 until 3 so the meat could be save.  Better the buffalo than people being killed. We are on State alot.  I am surprised we did not heard it was that close to the house.
 
 I heard. poor buffalo
 
 and poor semi.
 
 You are busy.  I been telling Nikki about the 2 buffalo killed on the hwy.
 
 3 left out of my 11. And finals week technically hasnt started.   Ive had three presntations in 2 days. So.... Busy.
 
 How is finals going???
 
 Good. Lol
 
 OK good luck!  Community Service day with the HS students was amazing today!
 
 Nope.   Chiors and band are done. But still have piano. Clarinet
 
 and two computer finals
 
 Are finals over?
 
 Anthony's prom pix.
 
 Look on my facebook page for pix of
 
 Understand!  Do good on your final!!!
 
 Sorry it's finals week. I've been distracted
 
 OK
 
 I forgot to ask nikki. Send her a message shed know
 
 Went by the PO this morning.  You should be getting the box today or tomorrow!  You have not gotten the card I sent you?????
 
 Good luck!  That sounds great! Been busy with gardening and work.
 
 not sure.   I haven't been the one checking the mail
 
 its been nikki.  I have an interview with IBM  on Friday. so hopefully that goes well. its a school/work coop position  so I would lower my coursefload but work parttime In my field while I finished school
 
 You do have some long days
 
 Did you get the card that was seperate?
 
 haven't been home yet today. so it might have come in. I'm not sure
 
 Have you received the box yet?
 
 Sent a box your way on Monday and a card.
 
 Set a good example for the kiddos.
 
 It's for you and your family.  You love school.
 
 School lol
 
 ?
 
 Hello!  Are you having a good day.
 
 Good!  But this was 10 Sat morning when they knew grandpa was on is up.  You were always willing to help.
 
 I try to sleep occasionally. Haha
 
 You are very busy guy.  Yesterday Will was on facebook at 4 in the am.  Told him needed to bed so he could load the bunkbed for grandpa.  Grandpa was sick all last week.  He gets there and Bill and Will were both sleeping.  I am angry with both Bills.
 
 Around 7. To get the kids ready.  Now its a birthday party and then i have too go to the school to work on a project
 
 What time were you up this morning?
 
 Morning
 
 GOOD MORNING!!!!!
 
 Have a good day to All Y 'all.
 
 Going to a class on tree
 
 shrub pruning this morning. Kim Bombenger - forester for K-State.  Will be a super program.  Have taken her classes before.  Good Morning.  Yesterday Master Gardener Meeting the class was on plant propagation Think I have a new hoppy!
 
 Not going to worry until test are over.
 
 Thanks needed to vent a little.
 
 Good wishes sent your way
 
 Friday I started have pain like kidney stones.  Have to wait until to get into doctors.  Doc did urine test - sent me in for CT scan - did not show a kidney stone but showed a nodule on my lung - sent paper for in for another CT scan.  Will have call in morning set up an appt.  This one has me worried.
 
 good night. and I am taking an intro course to piano so I at least have a basic understanding when I have to take some of my theory classes for my education sections on teaching music
 
 Good Night!!
 
 You taking piano class???   Are you be a master of all instruments??   Long day working the elections today.
 
 nope in a practice room working on homework for my piano class
 
 Home from school??
 
 I think that will posted pix of the egg family on facebook
 
 Hopefully the doctor helps and that is crazy about the eggs
 
 Will and Tom colored Easter eggs.  then they made faces on them - names them and play with them   Your killed their family and made deviled eggs with them.  crazy kids
 
 /we will both being going the doctors tomorrow.  Pain pills are my friend right now - Kidney stones.  Grandpa got something that is going around.
 
 That's good.  And happy belated birthday to him
 
 Grandpa's birthday yesterday so we celebrate it today.
 
 Bummer not good to be sick on Holiday.  Had 11 people at my gardening program.  Less than what I had hope for.  But a good group and lots of questions.  Been asked several times already when it the next program?
 
 Fun.  I was sick so the kids and nikki wentto get families thing. We did baskets this morning and doing our ham for dinner
 
 House is quiet now.
 
 aunt Dolores.
 
 Had a time with your Mom and boys and
 
 Happy Easter. No egg hunt. We are saving that until all the kids see hone
 
 Happy Easter!  Will there be a Easter Egg Hunt?  Your brothers still want a hunt.  Teenie are a little old.  Maybe if \nSadie is here.
 
 GOOD MORNING!!!  We have been having some beautiful weather also!
 
 You are right there!  Smile.
 
 That's because no-one can replace Winnie
 
 I think about her lots when at the library.  She worked at the library for 26 years.  We have been through 6 directors since she retired.
 
 She had been in poor health for several years.
 
 I remember Winnie. Mom posted her obituary on Facebook. So sad
 
 when she past.
 
 Do you remember Winnie Turner.  You said when she retired from the library.  BUT  she can't do that.  She also made a fuss over you.  She was 94.
 
 Have fun!
 
 Getting ready to head to another class. I have to finish composing a simple blues piano piece and my computer programming homework is due Sunday. Busy weekend ahead haha
 
 Hi Phillp.  Only on for a moment.  Time to go to work this afternoon.
 
 Goodnight
 
 Nite
 
 You too
 
 Take care!  Miss you guys
 
 you loved it.
 
 Yep. I got to stay all day on mon and Wed because of the idea program
 
 I remember when you were in kindergarden you hated to leave mid day.
 
 True
 
 we are tapped into a big aquifer so the amount of water needed to keep the golf driving range would be a huge deplicition
 
 Is the whole area tapped into the big aquifer or individual wells?
 
 A person out of KCK wants to buy the property at 198 and State and put a golf driving range and mini golf.  At the hearing enough concerns was raised about the drain on resident's well.  It was put on hold until more investiation was done.
 
 with a well we don't barrels yet.
 
 WOW!  will goggle it  Here we have rain barrel to catch the rain of your roofs.
 
 And that is a self sustaining house off of the power grid
 
 Eventually we would like to build an earthship but one the size we need would be around. 500-1million. Start to finish having other people do it.
 
 You can find stuff like it by googling earthship.  Its not desert specific. It's recycled material for the construction. With a water catch and solar section
 
 Is that an AZ type of greenhouse?
 
 Will have to check into that.
 
 Just got out of school.  Fun\n\nWhenever we get stable again after i graduate we plan on building a style sustaining greenhouse
 
 Next fall I plan to do a class on worm composting.
 
 Giving gardening class on 4-2-15 on composting and companion planting.  If thing where different when I was growing up I would have been a teacher.  Love giving classes on gardening.
 
 the twins have grown so much.  Beautiful twins.  Are you at school?
 
 OMG!  I love the pixs of the twins!!  Have you taken one of all the kiddo lately?  Would love to have one!  Miss you guys.
 
 OMG Good to get those done but don't overload yourself.
 
 Hi .. nope. I'm at the school currently working on one of my trumpet pieces that I have to perform in my Masters class in less than a month
 
 then I'm working on one of my computer programming assignments
 
 then working on my music for band. and then a couple of pieces of homework but those are the main ones.  haha
 
 Hello!  Are you home enjoying spring break?
 
 Miss you too love you
 
 I'll try. I'm off to finish a final exam. Talk too you later. Love you and miss you all
 
 Speech will be good  for her. Don't stress to much about school and enjoy spring break!
 
 Ya she is apparently grade level in everything but they are going to have a speech pathologist examine her also
 
 Did Saundra have her testing down yet?
 
 we are having warmer than normal for this time of year.
 
 It's been ok here. Goes between rain and hot and dust storms. A little early for all that normally
 
 Weather has been warm here and got lots planted in the garden.
 
 Started today
 
 When do the kids have their spring break?
 
 That's good
 
 It took a little bit to get her to put the potting soil in the pot instead of on her.  But she got the idea. asked if she would come back and help plant some more and she nodded yes.
 
 I saw the pictures. She looked confused but like she was having fun
 
 Sadie helped me plant flowers today.
 
 I have some homeworkfor my computer classes and a lot of homework for my music classes
 
 Tongie and Leav off for spring break
 
 Bummer.
 
 Yup
 
 springing spring break at school?
 
 Stressful. Today was the last day before spring break. But im going to end up being at the school most of next week anyways
 
 Hi! How is school going?
 
 One is over 60people and the other is 22
 
 Busy college life!  How big are the choirs?
 
 I have two concerts tonight
 
 Choir?
 
 Getting readyforchoir
 
 Making memories
 
 Thanks for sending the pix and video.  Miss you guys
 
 Yep. Then she had ice cream
 
 Saundra had blast at the dance!
 
 Nope
 
 Have worked on your dance moves?
 
 almost time to stand a garden!
 
 I will
 
 send pixs
 
 I will
 
 Have fun with Saundra tonight!
 
 That is so cool!  Send picture!
 
 Saundra has a father daughter dance on  Friday
 
 What dance????
 
 Ok you too :)  I'll post pictures from the dance on  Friday
 
 OK well have a good day!
 
 I don't know. I haven't gotten a text or anything from her yet that i can think of
 
 What is your Mom new #?
 
 He has been in a brace since since dec.
 
 Ya I'm not sure. I've been busy so i just found out yesterday Nicholas was in a brace
 
 That was a weird post this morning.
 
 Ya i don't know why. Maybe phone broke or they switched services
 
 What's with your Mom?  She has a new number?
 
 Still working on a rhythm but they are getting better. I have a B in my graduate level course so it's going ok Thusfar
 
 classes going go?
 
 Saundra has a father daughter dance on Friday and i can actually go. Woohoo
 
 Hi. I'm in between classes
 
 HI
 
 Morning
 
 Good MOrning!
 
 Love you too. And we will
 
 ttyl and take care
 
Luv you
 
 He is on the move.
 
 Aiden can now open any door in the house andtake all the gates down. The only thing he can't do is locks
 
 they are growing so much
 
 Aiden sayslittle bits Sonya is In   fullsentences (when she wants to) haha
 
 Are the twins talking yet.  Good luck with that.
 
 They are doing ok. Saundra s special education screening is next month
 
 How are the kids doing?
 
 That's good. We're having weird rain out of season here
 
 Has not been too a winter so far.
 
 Hopefully it doesn't get as bad as like 2003 with the tons of black ice
 
 Only about an inch lots of rain before the snow.  Much needed rain.  The bitter cold is what closed schools.
 
 How bad is the snow in ks? It's really bad In other places. But i haven't heard a lot about ks
 
 Made strawberry gooseberry jam today and finished up with the cabients .Library cllosed for snow day on Monday so will work on Thursday and Saturday this week.
 
 Normally about 12-13hours except on Monday where it's closer to 16or17 not counting homework
 
 That is some long days.
 
 Ya. Was here until about 1030pm yesterday. Got here art 630am today and will probably be here until about 7today
 
 Still at school?
 
 Bye:)
 
 ttyl
 
 I will
 
 Have a good day at school!
 
 Yup. Just got to school. Just a drizzle. Will probably pic up to actual rain in a bit
 
 Raining in Tuscan
 
 Kansas weather yesterday 70's today wing blowing and in the 30's.  Been sanding kitchen cabinets on the deck but not today.
 
 Wow. Father east ar still blizzards
 
 In the 70's today almost Tucson weather!
 
 Miss you also.
 
 Ok have fun love and miss you guys
 
 ttyl
 
 Ok
 
 We are going with laminate countertops instead of grantie because of cost and laminate have changed alot
 
 Adam is February 18th. And I'd have to check billys when Nikki gets up
 
 When is Adam and Billy' birthdays?
 
 we are keeping the old.  I have using a cleaner called Watco rejuvenating to get off 40+ years of cooking grim.  Then sand and put on Danish oil to finish them.  The old cabients are all solid wood.
 
 What typeof cabinetsare you getting put in?
 
 Working on kitchen cab. to clean them up and then will have new countertops in sinks put in.
 
 Wow
 
 Gas is a 1.67 in KS. without any discounts.
 
 Going to be in the 60's today.  Will hang clothes on the line today.
 
 Morning
 
 Morning
 
 They are all really growing. Not babies anymore.
 
 Ya. Younger ones are napping
 
 Work until 5 today.  Are all the kids doing OK?
 
 Ok
 
 My Christmas card was return but I will get it in the mail.
 
 Computer programming that's worth 20percent of my grade that reads through files and recognizes patterns
 
 what is your big project.  we are having weather in the 50's
 
 Getting used tho it. I have a big project already
 
 How is school going?
 
 Morning
 
 Good Morning!
 
 We're doing ok. Posted a bunch of pictures. How was your Christmas
 
 Merry Christmas !  How are the family?
 
 Want to be able to hear better.
 
 Glad to hear. Hope you feel better
 
 hopely this time it will take.
 
 Ok I will send it tomorrow.  Thanks.  My ear surgery went well yesterday.
 
 Ya we can find something. We are giving them an xbox (the old one) and some games and a controller each for the four older
 
 can you think of a present that would work for all of the kids if I sent money.  It  Good I glad she likes it.
 
 Sophia loved the skirt. Lol. She wears it everywhere
 
 Oh wegot that also
 
 The other box is christmas clothes but
 
 Thanks for the two bags of fudge yummy and the jams
 
 I know we've gotten at least 1. The jams and fudge
 
 Have you gotten the 2 boxes?
 
 OK good.
 
 I don't have any clue currently. Nikki would have a better idea. and she's at home today so she could check sizes
 
 OMG that is cold.   Some ideas about they could use.
 
 ya we got to around 35 last night'
 
 I click on the pix by accident.  I have off Thursday thru Sunday.  go back to work on Sunday at 1.  Will try to get some Xmas shopping done this week.  It has been cool in Tucson lately.
 
 thankyou. happy Thanksgiving to you too.   I'll get the sizes after school today and send them
 
 so it will be late Kansas time. luckily I have Thursday and Friday off. of school.
 
 
 
 Happy Thanksgiving.  Give me ideas and sizes for the kids for Christmas please.
 
 ttyl
 
 Yes Yes teach me
 
 We used to buy rice in 25lb bags until we slowed down on using it.\n\nIn waiting for my next class. Test today on digital ethics fun fun
 
 Time to head to work.  Long day yesterday 6 until 9 pm.  Good turnout
 
 Been making a lot of different kinds.  Buy sugar from Sam 25# bags.
 
 We have i think 2jars left
 
 Super!  How are you dong on jelly?
 
 It went ok. We did the English Tudor anthems
 
 Vivaldis gloria
 
 and magnificat
 
 We have absentie ballot and also early voting at libraries. How was your concert?
 
 Didn't get to. I was in class before out opened until after they closed because i had a concert yesterday also
 
 Did you vote yesterday???
 
 yep best season since 85'
 
 If not the Royals went a long way this season.
 
 booo .... hopefully we win
 
 Giants are ahead 3 to 2.
 
 nice
 
 The Royals haven been playing great.    Both series 3-0.  Don't get better than that.
 
 hopefully the cardinals. then we might stand a chance.
 
 Keep up the good work.  The Royal are playing in the World Series!! Either the Gaints or the Cardinals.
 
 thank you. I'm still waiting for my midterms. hoping I did good
 
 Good JOb!!!!!!
 
 They are very good but it is a rain out tonight.
 
 I heard good things
 

 
 Good Luck!!  Have you seen how the Royals are doing?
 
 I'm taking 16 credits this semester with no issues
 
 and next semester is only 23 credits. so not too much of an increase
 
 That is good but be careful not take on too much.
 
 They transferred in 
 
 but I'm attempting to triple major in the same time as one major is normally completed
 
 What about the courses that you did while in England?
 
 No.  Charger is at home and I'm stillat school for another 2hours
 
 did you get your battery charged???
 
 between 2-4 and 3-8 in 48 hours
 
 How much are they forece=asting?
 
 Is it raining yet?
 
 Like snow days in Kansas.  Be careful
 
 Ya they are already planning for no school days
 
 Sound like you are in for lots more rain.  Say safe.
 
 School is going ok and yeah lots of rain the last couple days
 
 Having lots of rain in Tuscon?  How is school going?
 
 Just a head's up Saundra vomited before she left.  They are supposed to leave early in the morning.
 
 Just a head
 
 Adam was riding the tractor with grandpa not me.
 
 Nick and grandma taught Adam how to ride a bike without training wheels.
 
 Kk have fun ttyl
 
 got to go
 
 I love you too. -daddy. Haha
 
 i love you adam
 
 Full tine is 12 credits
 
 I'm doing 16 and hopefully get approved for approx 24 next semester
 
 You are taking on a load.
 
 Well
 
 I'm getting ready for my next class.\n\nHad brass techniques
 
 and modern philosophy already today and have one more tech class today (slow dayuntil my other two classes get approved)
 
 Sounds like they had fun. Can't wait to see them again
 
 Adam loves to take pictures with the camera.
 
 We had a great time with them.  Played here - kites etc. - went to McDonald for lunch - and seen the fish and animals at Calaba.
 
 Ok. Did you guys have fun today?
 
 Saundra is sleeping and Adam is out with grandma riding the lawnmover.  Marrisa is supposed to pick them up at 6:00.
 
 that's the plan
 
 That'
 
 Yup yup. Moms dropping them early and Marissa is picking then up at 6pn?
 
 We get to see the kids tomorrow!!!
 
 I'm not sure yet
 
 Will Allen be taking them back?
 
 They will go tho mom next Thursday shell make sure you see them before they cone home
 
 Both???
 
 I am so excite!!!!  When??.  Thank goodness!!!!
 
 Got the court results today
 
 i got the kids
 
 Good Luck!
 
 Heading to court now
 
 how did it go today??
 
 Will do
 
 Good luck on Tuesday.  Keep in touch.
 
 We would love to see them but don't cause any more problems.
 
 They sound ok
 
 Sandra wants to cone home and adam is confused
 
 and I'm not sure
 
 i can see if i can get it ordered if she says no
 
 Do you think that she will let us see them?
 
 How are they when you talk to them?
 
 About once a week
 
 i haven't tried to call since she got served. So we'll see when i try to call today
 
 Do you get to talk with the kids?
 
 It is not right.
 
 But who knows
 
 We're working on it
 
 You have always been there for them.     How can he be taken away?   This will not be in his best interest.
 
 Working on it
 
 court got postponed until the 19th and she's bringing paternity for adam. So itsnot going to be pretty
 
 How are is everything going?
 
 We will help you anyway possible.  Love you all.
 
 It has to be hard on them too.
 
 Ya
 
 Saundra wants to cone home and Adam seems confused
 
 Do they sound OK?
 
 Occasionally
 
 And more time. Do you get to talk to the kids?
 
 So yet more paperwork
 
 I was hoping for the best.  I am sorry.
 
 Not really
 
 my emergency orders were denied yesterday
 
 so i have a temporary orders hearing in two week s so the kids are going to miss two weeks of school
 
 Are you having a good b-day
 
 Good luck with the judge today.  Love you ttyl.
 
 Yup
 
 Better to have a few worms than spray with chemicals.
 
 It not out
 
 Ya
 
 only two worms but out was yummy\n\nAnd the worms only got like the top inch of those two cobs so it wasn't hard top cut the bad off
 
 Was the corn OK when you got it home?
 
 Thank you :D
 
 I know but I wanted to be the first to with you Happy Birthday!
 
 My birthdays tomorrow :p  but you are the first person to wish me happy birthday :) thank you. I appear before a judge today to see if he passes the emergency custody order
 
 Happy Birthday!  Is everything going OK?
 
 I hope everything goes well and they are back were they belong.
 
 Finally got an attorney
 
 the emergency custody should be filed on Monday
 
 hopefullly we'll get them back within a week after that. Things are starting to move
 
 and i don't think she has a clue what's coming
 
 we are going to continue to post as if we've done nothing and are waiting on money before we can do anything
 
 How are thingsgoing??
 
 We have a vague idea but that's it
 
 Good luck with your appointment.  Let us know if there is anything we can do.
 
 Does anyone know were they are?
 
 No
 
 i have an appointment with am attorney tomorrow
 
 any news?
 
 ttyl.  Time to get library ready to close.
 
 Keep in touch and if there is anything we can do.
 
 No
 
 i talked to the kids once on my drive home.\n\nI talked to an attorney and they are doing a check to make sure that there's no conflict of interest
 
 then I'll have my sit down with then
 
 Any news yet?
 
 Love you guys
 
 I'm off to work bye :)
 
 Luv you.
 
 Good
 
 Ya i made it
 
 filled out the review thing for a lawyer
 
 and getting ready for work
 
 back home without any problems?
 
 Let us know how things are going.  Will be here until 12:30
 

 
 Ok. I hope everything goes well
 
 I'm still trying to get ahold of Marissa 
 
 i talked to the kids for a couple minutes on Sunday and haven't been able to get ahold of her since
 
 so I'm probably going to end up comingto Kansas to get them. But I'm not telling anyone I'm coming so it can't get back to her
 
 Found out today that grandpa is having rottor cuff surgery next Wednesday.  It is a day surgery.
 
 Ok tell everyone i said hi and i miss them
 
 ttyl Love you
 
 Its supposed to be in the next lire two weeks
 
 but since she's so hard to get ahold of
 
 I'm anticipating coming and 'retrieving'them
 
 When are they going to be back in AZ?
 
 OK
 
 I messaged Michelle on Facebook but she never got back to me
 
 but I remember her computer used to break a lot
 
 I understand.  Thinking about getting in touch with her grandparents.
 
 Glad you guys ate getting to see Sadie
 
 I'm sill working on Marissa and I'm getting annoyed
 
 because i can t afford to drive to Kansas top get them so they can visit everyone.\n\nYay sweet corn
 
 Sound be getting sweet corn soon.
 
 Still have not been able to get a return call.  Your mom has been bringing sadie down to visit.
 
 I am having issues getting ahold of her so i call every hour until she answers haha
 
 Have not been able to see Adam and Saundra.  Will try to call her again.
 
 Check out the lead story in the Tonganoxie Mirror.  They did an article on our flower garden!
 
 OK thanks.
 
 I texted her again
 
 No.  I tried calling her and left a message.
 
 In trying\n\nMarissa call you?
 
 take care of yourself
 
 Chest doesn't hurt now
 
 but its still hard to breath and I'm always out of breath
 
 How is your chest feeling?
 
 She said her phone is being weird
 
 try calling her again  i told her to call you but its probably better I'd you try again
 
 OK
 
 I will
 
 I'll let you know when Marissa texts back
 
 take care stress can cause chest pain.
 
 nope 
 
 ekg is normal
 
 but I'm thinking its the same as last time and my ribs sprained outwards again which they didn't have a clue how that could happen
 
 so well see
 
 Get off the energy drinks.
 
 fell backward with hedge trimmers and cut his hand.  do they know what is causing the chest pain?
 
 What did he do
 
 spent 2 hrs. in er with grandpa getting his hand stitch up.
 
 I texted her
 
 I'll let you know when she respond s
 
 I'm in the er for chest pains again so reception is shaky
 
 I have tried several times.
 
 You tried to call her?\n\nI'll text her
 
 Marrissa canceled on us for Wed.  Now she will take my calls.
 
 Have fun miss you guys
 
 Getting ready to go square dancing.  ttyl Love yu
 
 Sonya is but not Aiden
 
 The year went by fast.  Are they walking yet?
 
 Thank you :)\n\nWorking today twins birthday in a couple days
 
 Happy Father's Day!!
 
 Fun
 
 Looking forwards to Weds. Just plan to spend time here with them.  Later on take them to zoo etc.
 
 Ok i will
 
 Made 2 batch of strawberry gooseberry jam today.  Give the twins hugs for me on their birthday Monday.
 
 Good!!  Planning things to do with them.
 
 I might miss the fall semester
 
 took too long to get everything together and get then to approve my degree
 
 so i missed class signups
 
 so it might be spring semester
 
 like February
 
 I'm gonna get it done though
 
 Will do.  Will get them kites to fly.  There will be one seat empty on the swings this time.  Am missing you and wish you all were here also but understand.  You start school this fall?
 
 Good  they can get out to see you guys
 
 run around  hope you all have fun
 
 take pictures :)
 
 we see them next Wednesday.  Can't  wait to see them.
 
 Thanks!  I am off on Sat.  so will try for then.
 
 Marissa said to cal her to set up a tine to see the kids in the next couple days or so
 
 I'm trying
 
 kids come first
 
 so that means money lol
 
 Take care of yourself.
 
 You are a busy man.
 
 9135473440 is her number\n\nsorry
 
 been busy
 
 ac went out two days ago and then we had a heatwave (ac is still out)   \n\nAnd I'm working 7 days a week now
 
 OK we wait for her to call us.
 
 what it her number?
 
 Gave
 
 I have Marissa your number
 
 That's good!  We hope to see them while they are here.
 
 Ya the only time that was longer was when i was in England and we were waiting on Marissas visa and that was just Adam then.  And ya they are having fun
 
 This is the longest you have been away from them.
 
 Are the kids have a good time in KS?
 
 Ya I've called them almost everyday
 
 Are you missing Adam and Saundra.
 
 OK
 
 I don't think I'll be coming to pick then up
 
 she still owes me 3 cross country trips\n\nAnd I'll send it after work
 
 Will you be coming to pick them up?
 
 what is her phone number and her grandparents?
 
 Doesn't have a lot of choice
 
 i let her side see them when i was in town lol
 
 do you think that she will let us see them???  I will keep Adam and Saundra presents then.
 
 Adam and Saundra should be getting picked up by Marissa in like two weeks to cone up there for the Summer
 
 they are and a different taste than my others.  Went shopping today for the kids some clothes for their b-days.
 
 Sounds yummy
 
 Have 2 new jams - Christmas Jam which takes cranberry and strawberries and a rhubarb pineapple jam - which takes rhubarb - can of unsweeten pineapple and a box of strawberry jello.  All of our company last weekend loved them.
 
 You both are have a busy household.  lol
 
 Nikki went and got her hair done today
 
 but other than that
 
 we've been busy
 
 Worked today.  Are you still celebrating Mother's Day&gt;
 
 Nice. Tell them congratulations\n\n\nHappy mothers day! :)
 
 Chelsea's graduation is at Kemper Area in KC next Saturday at 8:00 am.  Linda Hardy was yesterday at Baldwin.  She receive her Master's in teaching. Nice ceremony.
 
 We keep going from 80s to over 100 lol
 
 Kansas weather - going from being highs in 50's to 88's yesterday.
 
 Coo king cleaning and shopping in a house with two special needs men in their 30s i think
 
 don't know the specifics
 
 What will you be doing?
 
 Special needs care
 
 What type of job?  Take care of yourself.  Love you.
 
 Had to turn the furnace back on.
 
 NICE!!  It has been raining off and on.  High in mid fifties.
 
 It was 77 an hour ago when i was heading to work
 
 Damm Kansas weather...
 
 Hope so too!  Going for a frost tonight.  Need to cover plants and hose off frost early in am.
 
 Hopefully hear something by next week
 
 Hopefully good
 
 How did your interviews go?
 
 That is a busy schedule.  Wishes you the good luck with the interviews!!!
 
 Hopefully one of then goes through. It would be Nice to have a normal schedule again lol
 
 Just got done with errands and applications
 
 now taking a nap cuz i work from 4-11pm then 1am-6
 
 Working?
 
 Good luck with the interview!!!  Let me know how it goes.  You deserve it for sure.  Sadie has the blue eyes.  Took  her a while to warm up to me.
 
 I'll shoot him a message when i hey a chance
 
 three interviews today and I'm at work now
 
 Was able to spend time with Austin
 
 Savannah and Sadie today.  Had a good visit with them Austin asked about you.  Would be good if you got in touch with him.
 
 Good!  More fun that way.  Have a wonderful Easter.  Will be a quite one here.  Will probably plant garden if it doesn't rain. Been seeing a lot of Shari Curry and her boys at the library.
 
 Nope
 
 doing it tomorrow with the kids
 
 Have you colored the Easter eggs?
 
 She wrote me today
 
 but that's the first tine in a long while
 
 i think he's doing better
 
 Do you talk to your Mom?  Have not seen her or Nick in a long time.
 
 Summer off and then hit the books!
 
 Adams doing ok
 
 and my school starts inn August i think
 
 That's great about Renee.  Is Adam getting help that he needs?  Have you thought about getting him into Tai     gua do (spelling?) like you did when you did.  Routine would be good.  Just a thought.  When does your school start?  Keep in touch - love to hear from you - miss you all.
 
 It's like 70 here at 8am.\nWe're doing ok. Renee got into a gifted program for school next year so all the kids are switching school s .\nAnd I've just been busy
 
 doing 2.5 jobs now and waiting for school to start
 
 How are you?  Don't hear from anyone anymore.  We had snow yesterday and a hard freeze last night.
 
 Sonya can now get up our little step for the second living room
 
 He is longer and thinner
 
 maybe not as easy as with Sonya.  They will be no stopping them now. On the move!
 
 twins are crawling
 
 sonya is sitting
 
 aiden is not interested. lol
 
 and billy and saundra start school this fall also
 
 We're doing alright. Getting the older two ready for school. heading to the bus stop in a minute. waiting for my stuff to come back from the VA for school. Hopefully I start school full time in August.
 
 How are you and your family doing?
 
 They need a monitor where there are problems.
 
 That does not help.  Kids will see how far they can push when a new person.
 
 so that didn't help
 
 occasionally. but he had a new bus driver yesterday as well
 
 Do they have a bus monitor?
 
 ya
 
 pipes and everything ok?
 
 it got down to a really really cold 30 last night. lol
 
 thats good. 
 
 It has been very cold.  Lucky no frozen pipes - furnace running great.
 
 the little nissan is still in the shop
 
 got it running then the gas tank started leaking do the fuel pump not turning off. popped the seals
 
 so we have the white and black vans still
 
 something is staying on so the battery dies
 
 so for now we keep it charging all night until I can figure out what fuse is powering whatever is staying on
 
 we just got the black van back out of the shop
 
 What are you doing for a second set of wheels?
 
 Ya
 
 Did the van die?
 
 Were ok
 
 Billy hurt himself today
 
 How are yu???
 
 Caught him by surprise so did not have time to tense up. 
 
 I'm glad the surgery went good
 
 Grandpa didn't hurt himself did he?
 
 Surgery went fine.  Tho  an allegic reacition to the antibiotic.  Grandpa made a trip last night for banadryl.  Grandpa did take a fall on ice this morning.  These are the golden years.  lol
 
 Love you all too
 
 Love you
 
 Next time we'll fly so we have more time there.  Hope you all get to feeling better soon.
 
 All the kids and me got sick Monday night
 
 and i was in bed literally all day Tuesday lol so i guess it worked out lol.\n\nWe enjoyed having you out here
 
 well have to plan s little longer next time to do like the air and space museum and the zoo. And we'll figure out a way to get to Kansas eventually
 
 Thank you for the hospitality!!  Made it home last night.  Grandpa get so nervous if there is a chance of bad roads.  At our age we don't take a chance of being caught  in a bad storm.  He would drive me nuts if we had to hold up in motel room. Enjoyed visiting with your family!!
 
 We'll get started in the morning
 
 hopefully around 7.  Can't wait to see you all.
 
 when are you guys heading out this way?
 
 It doesn't start until 7:00 pm our time.
 
 Chief have not lost a game so far.
 
 Don't have cable
 
 but I'm going to check up on it online
 
 Will give you and Nikki a break with the kids.
 
 I can understand that.  Just finished putting the blade on the tractor.  Winds over 40 mpg today.  Blows the neighbor leaves all over here.  Are you going to watch the Chief and Broco today?
 
 They like puzzles but they dont last too long in the house
 
 Puzzles?
 
 Sure all the kids like toys and books
 
 Was planning to make fudge -  cookies maybe a cheesecake.  Will bring jam and jellies.  Would the kids like some of the books - imaginex toys???? You don't have to anything for us.  
 
 is there anything you guys would like? so I can make sure I get out to the store and grab it?
 
 I can'tthink of anything
 
 We're doing good
 
 hmmm...  I don't know..all the other kids..jk\n\nNikki would really like some fudge lol
 
 Good Morning!  How is everyone?  Is there something we can bring you from KS&amp;
 
 Will drive.  Will take at least a day and half.  Looking forwards to seeing you all!
 
 Ya that works
 
 are you guys gonna fly or drive?
 
 that should be fine. I dont see anything around that time
 
 I'll talk to Nikki tomorrow to just make sure. 
 
 If that doesn't work Ican maybe change it a little. let me know
 
 Have vacation scheduled starting on 11/27.
 
 Ok
 
 Will talk to grandpa and let you know!!!
 
 You too
 
 Look forwards to seeing you and meeting the new great-grands.  
 
 Sound good!!!!!!!
 
 Ok. Let me know so we can get the house organized and can put up one of our spare beds in the kids room and move I've of the kids to another room so you don't need a hotel.
 
 Time to get ready for work.  ttyl Love you
 
 Something I thinking about.  Have not talked to your grandpa yet.  Have some vac. days at the library to use before Jan. 1st. Maybe late Nov. or Dec.
 
 Ya that would be great
 
 do you guys know when you would want to come down around? And flying or driving?
 
 Would you mind if we come to see you later this year?  Found out yesterday that we can not depend on anyone to help here even if we pay them.  So when it come time that we cannot take care of things around here it is time to move.  Housing sales is starting come  back.  
 
 OK Miss You Guys Spent some time today with Austin
 
 Savannah and Sadie Lynn.
 
 Were not sure
 
  probably have turkey and stuff here. We alreadyhave everything
 
 but we don't have any money to visit anyone
 
 
 
 Hey Phillip  What is plans with Adam and Saundra about Thanksgiving?  
 
 Think about it.  ttyl
 
 Would it help we bring the back? 
 
 We're trying to save done money
 
 but right now
 
 it's all going to the mortgage
 
 We don't have the money
 
 to get up there.\n\nAre you two ok?
 
 Took some days off and went to JC.  Glenda and I were rear ended.  Pretty sore for the hit.
 
 You are busy.  Will Adam and Saundra be coming to Kan. for Thanksgiving?
 
 We're doing ok. In working two jobs trying to get into the af reserves
 
 Hey!! How are you and your family?
 
 How are you doing&amp;  When will Adam and Saundra be coming back to ks?
 
 Made hot salsa and grape jelly this morning&gt;
 
 How is Phillip doing.  The twins are growing!
 
 Went to Sadie Lynn tonight.  She is a tiny one.  Got the blue eyes.
 
 That's good!!!  Good luck!
 
 I should start working this weekend
 
 It is hot - in the high 90's.  Have canned over 60 quarts of veggie juice so far.  Did 18 pints of green beans yesterday.  Pick and make grape juice this morning and work this pm.
 
 Hi
 
 HEy Phillip!
 
 she is leaving today for AZ.
 
 Haven't written her yet been busy
 
 just got done applying for foodstamps and i finished getting hired as an arcade game tech (a jobs a job) lol
 
 Did you get in touch with Chelsea?
 
 the twins are 2 month old today.  Would love to see some pixs.
 
 Good old snails mail.  Still gets the job down only slower.
 
 Ya
 
  
 
 Have you gotten the pic. yet
 
 Good Night ttyl
 
 I'll message her
 
 she's only like an hour away then
 
 Phoenix.  
 
 Phoenix or Tucson?
 
 Chelsea came out for supper tonight.  Had a good time with her.  She will be leaving on the 25th for Az. for rotation for a month
 
 Making bread and butter pickles today.  Made 2 batches of salsa so far.  Tomato are very slow turning red this year.  
 
 she did. 
 
 I did! what a mess. Looks like she had fun&gt;
 
 okey dokey. did you see the pictures of Sophia yesterday with the flour? haha
 
 Sent the pixs by snail mail.  let me know when you get them and if you have any questions?
 
 Have you gotten anymore of the pictures?
 
 ya i heard
 
 Didyou know that Kristina got married in June?
 
 we talk occasionally
 
 not that often though
 
 Have yo gotten more pixs?
 
 Are you friends with Paulette?
 
 Paulette has 3 girls the yougest is about 3.
 
 hmm. never met her. 
 
 the curly headed girl is Josie - Paulette' daughter.  There should be more pix coming.
 
 ya. is that Shawns daughter? been years since I've seen her
 
 Were you talking about a curly headed girl in pink dress?
 
 I think that sherry daughter.  Did you only get one.
 
 ya I got them. is that Alica?  with Shawn redmond?  
 
 check your e-mail to see if the pictures came 
 
 I did!  He is such a handsome boy.  Like you loved to have your picture taken.  
 
 Did you see Adams pictures from this morning
 
 Apj_elfman@Yahoo.com
 
 What is your e-mail address and I will send you family pixs&gt;     
 
 Have a Happy Birthday!!!  Was good talking to you yesterday.  Call me when you are ready to skyp&gt;
 
 Dishwasher lol
 
 Are you the chief bottle washer?
 
 Let me try that again.  
 
 Are the chp bottle washer then?
 
 We are doing good
 
 Nikki just got a job
 
 and I'm waiting on a call back
 
 How are you and the family doing?  
 
 when will you be starting school?
 
 Did you make pancakes this morning?
 
 Mix flour and salt together.  Combine baking soda and buttermilk.  Add to dry ingredients and mix wel.  Stir in egg and butter.  Bake pancakes on hot griddle.  Enjoy.
 
 forgot 3/4 tsp. baking soda
 
 3 tb. butter melted
 
 1 egg
 
 beaten
 
 1 1/3 c. buttermilk
 
 1/4 tsp. salt
 
 1 1/3 c. flour
 
 Pancakes
 
 Not s lot. But they played with poppers and sprinklers
 
 no fireworks in town.. What's was your pancakes recipe? I can't find mine
 
 How is everyone?  LOts of fireworks?
 
 Happy 4th to you and your family!
 
 it only got us into the about 104s today
 
 It's is the 70's here turned off the AC.
 
 Hey!  How is everything?  Has been hot in AZ.
 
 Have lots to do before we leave.  ttyl luv you all.
 
 My dad and his twin brother did not look alike only about the same size.  
 
 Seprate eggs!  Went to Kristina Fair's wedding last weekend.
 
 They are so different for being twins. They look nothing alike haha
 
 That is good.  I wanted to get them something that matched but could not find anything.
 
 They are starting to gain more weight so that's good
 
 Three months should be fine
 
 they barely fit in newborn
 
 That is good that Sophia is helping getting diapers.  I sent the twins 3 month size if you want you can exchange them at Khols.
 
 Well it will be hot there.  Three days of dancing.  It is fun we get to dance to lot of different callers.
 
 Everyone is doing ok
 
 Sophia is helping with the babies by getting diapers for them. And the sleep isn't horrible
 
 none of my kiddos have really been the scream all night type
 
. So i heard you're going to Oklahoma city? Cool
 
 Sent 2 pkg. today.  How is everyone doing. Are you and Nikki getting any sleep?
 
 ttyl love you all. 
 
 Time to get ready for work.  ttyl love you
 
 Take care of her!  
 
 ya
 
 
 
 Did Nikki have a C-section?
 
 she gets grumpy when we hold the babies. lol she crosses her arms. lol
 
 Does Sophia mind when you are Nikki are holding them? Send more pic/
 
 and the doggie has already smelled them . 
 
 Sophia likes them
 
 butr only when they are in the playpen lol
 
 yup
 
 Cool!  Are the rest of the crew enjoying the twins?
 
 yup came home last night
 
 Is everyone  home now?
 
 Aiden was 6 lbs 2oz and Sonya was 5 lbs 13oz
 
 What did the babies weigh?\\
 
 Yes please
 
 Do want some pics of your relatives?
 
 Ya
 
 Supposed to come to the services tomorrow.
 
 Ya
 
 and Austin is with Tiffany
 
 he's not going tonight
 
 Savannah says Austin is really taking it hard/
 
 Do you want some pics of relatives?
 
 Of the graveside service
 
 is taking pics"?
 
 Glad they are just watching Aiden.  Allen ( Phillp's dad)
 
 And no
 
 Allen is supposed to take pictures
 
 There are just watching him
 
 Guess you won't be come to Ks.
 
 How much did they weigh?  Aiden is in Nicu ?  Is he having problems?
 
 Congradualations!  What a Father's Day you are having
 
 Just had the babies. They decided to cone early. Just posted pictures
 
 How is things going?
 
 ok
 
 If you are able to come and need someone to pick you up from the airport let us know.
 
 Mom messaged Nikki the info. Its on Monday? I'm going to try to get there
 
 I want to go
 
 but I'm not sure I can get the money together
 
 and plane tickets by ... tomorrow. 
 
 Do you know about the service for Cody?
 
 love you
 
 talk to you later
 
 Good luck with the new babies!  It has been a long day between working at the flower - garden here and then work at the library.  Time to go to bed.  
 
 ya shes having a csection on the 20th
 
 You will be getting close to Nikki's due date.
 
 I'm working on pulling some money together so I can try to get up there after we get a date
 
 Let us know what your plans are&gt;
 
 Take care ttyl.
 
 hopefully
 
 Are you planning to come for the funeral?
 
 yep. and we are still trying to get Tiffany's 4 kids from the state
 
 You and Nikki will have your hands full.
 
 ya
 
 It will be a hard for everyone about Cody.
 
 yep
 
 August 29
 
 and I just found out about Austins news yesterday also
 
 Mom and Tiffany are going to keep me updated as to when the funeral is. 
 
 Ya
 
 I found out about dakota yesterday. 
 
 Do you know about Dakota?
 
 talked to Austin this p.m.
 
 or mom?
 
 have you talked to Austin in the past day or so?
 
 they'll be here next week. scheduled for the 20th
 
 How are you doing?  Won't be long before the babies will be here!
 
 they are all doing ok. I have to fix the cadillac today. (radiator blew again) luckily
 
 its under warrenty. haha. Adam is still recovering from the tonsils
 
 and they drained his ears (luckily no tubes)
 
 how is everyone????
 
 How is Adam doing?  Give him hugs for us.  
 
 I know that you were planning on military career.  Glad you will be going to school full time.
 
 Computer Engineering still
 
 Good plan!! What field are you planning? 
 
 sorry to hear that. I found out that I am getting out of the Air Force in June
 
 so I'm applying to University of Arizona for a full time student so I can keep getting free colege and free housing allowance
 
 Looks like we are in for severe storms tonight.  Was going to Topeka to dance but decided better stay home.
 
 Your kids need to come first.
 
 Sorry to hear that.
 
 no clue really
 
 I kno the state took the kids and that john is staying wth her again (the 5 yr old) but thats about all. she said if I get custody of them she's moving to tucson to help wth them but she can't get custody back
 
 so she wuold end up being a part time mom basically. but at least the kids dont go to foster care
 
 What is happening with Tiffany?
 
 I know that Austin has been babysitting for her.
 
 Kyley is 7
 
 John is 5
 
 Stefon is 2 or 3 and she has an 8 month old 
 
 Tiffany has four total. 
 
 OMAG.  How many does she have?  You and nikki have your hands full already.  You do what you have to do. 
 
 I'm doing ok. working on a package to try and get custody of Tiffany's kids. 
 
 Hello!  How are you???
 
 It has been in the 80's last 2 days and it is snowing.  Only in Kansas.  Bummer. Would not want 98 either.  
 
 apparently
 
 it was like 98 here yesterday. and its not supposed to be that hot yet
 
 It has been snowing most of the day.  Is this May?
 
 Cute!
 
 yup
 
 Were you the only one sleeping?
 
 lol
 
 Love the picture of you sleeping with the kids.
 
 YOu will have a houseful.  Seven - six and under.  Mercy
 
 and I found out I might be getting custody of TIffany's kids. all four of them. because the state is trying to take them away
 
 a boy and a girl
 
 don't get in too much of a hurry.  Do you know what you are having?
 
 nikki's doing ok
 
 just ready for the twins to be here. lol
 
 I heard he broke his leg/foot? 
 
 Good luck with the appeal.  How is Nikki and the kids doing?  Do you know what happen to Nick?
 
 Things are giong ok
 
 I'm waiting to see if my appeal is approved so I can reenlsit
 
 are you OK?
 
 How are things going with you?
 
 nope
 
 
 
 Working tonight?
 
 Hi Phillip!
 
 Kids are funny
 
 Adam told Thomas to stand in the corner when you were at my house.  He didn't know why but he stood in the corner.
 
 she wouldnt' leave adam alone in the corner
 
 and when we told her jokily to stand inthe corner
 
 she did that. lol
 
 Soplia got in trouble?
 
 Like the picture of you and the kiddos.
 
 Good Morning!!!
 
 That was fun.  Seen some good shows.  Haygoods a family 6 brothers and 1 sister.  
 
 haha I remember the duck
 
 Had 3 days off last weekend.  Went to Branson.  Thought of you when we pasted the "ride a duck"&gt; lol
 
 my bad.. its on the 11th of April. this week
 
 not next week
 
 next week. 
 
 when is nikki's birthday?
 
 NIce
 
 No
 
 they were already built when i got the house
 
 Did you build the selves for your stockpile?
 
 how are you all doing?
 
 I do :)
 
 Watch the expirations dates on you stock pile.
 
 Supposed to get up in the eighties today.
 
 Hey!  How are you doing?
 
 Michigan is playing Florida and creaming them.  Was a close game between KU and michigan
 
 heard witchita made it to the final four
 
 but KU lost to michigan
 
 no
 
 just seen the scores. 
 
 Have you watched any of the basketball games?
 
 hope everything goes well.  Will say some prayers.
 
 they dont kno currently
 
 What does the doctor say?
 
 contractions
 
 and dizzy. they gave her steroids yesterday
 
 and she'll get some more today
 
 ya
 
 went in yesterday and went back today
 
 Nikki in the hosptial?
 
 At your first b-day you would pick off the sprinkles.
 
 Sophia had fun with the cake. lol
 
 Good Birthday Party!  Thanks for the pictures.  Enjoyed them.
 
 Hope this will be the end of It.
 
 wow
 
 I thought it was almost over
 
 Another snowstorm forcasted for the weekend.  Has 1/2 inch yesterday. Time to plant a garden not shovel snow.
 
 Wonderful!
 
 Miss you too
 
 trying to save enough money to visit
 
 Sounds good.  Kids are growing so fast.  Miss you guys.  
 
 Its not bad
 
 so far it looks like I will be able to join the reserves
 
 and I'll be going back to school full time
 
 with 1 or 2 side jobs until I finish my degree since the GI Bill will pay me a housing allowance that wll cover mortgage and electricity
 
 Kansas weather - yesterday 88 and today in the 40"s.  Maybe some snow tomorrow.  How is the job market?
 
 They need to quit sharing the bug.  
 
 ya. even with all the fruits and veggies andmeat
 
 they just seem to have like a 24 hour stomach bug currently
 
 are you staying healthy?
 
 all of them are getting sick again
 
 It's a beautiful day in the neighbore.  In the 70's . How are the kiddo feeling?
 
 Good.  ttyl it's time to close love you
 
 lol
 
 just grumpy and didn't want to be there
 
 and thought that crying until they called me would make me come pick him up... he was wrong. 
 
 what happen at school?
 
 we're doing good.  adam threw a fit at school but not horrible
 
 How are you all doing?
 
 hello
 
 Hey
 
 Austin has his gall bladder out this morning. Should be home soon.
 
 ttyl
 
 off today  and its actually starting to warm up here again
 
 Snow days off from work
 
 25 inches of snow from 2 storms. 
 
 working today?
 
 hello 
 
 Hey!!
 
 Nicholas would lick off the jelly on toast and say more please.
 
 dogs are the cleanup 
 
 and the dog likes to like it off her fingers
 
 it doubles as paint. lol
 
 she likes all jellies. haha
 
 Does she like the blackberry jelly?
 
 and these blackberries are really tart. 
 
 a little
 
 not as much as blackberries. 
 
 Does she like blueberries?
 
 That's great!  with all the snow and if my bushes didn't did from the drought we should a lot of berries this year.
 
 reallyreally likes blackberries. 
 
 Get everything you need to have done while in the service.  Sophie likes blackberries?
 
 and ent to the dentist yesterday. so my week is all messed up
 
 not sure. been busy
 
 Its supposed to get cold again here I think. 
 
 Another snow storm.  I am ready for spring now.
 
 Hi :)
 
 HEY
 
 She is really working on them.  
 
 and is now working on two molars
 
 a bunch all at once
 
 she has 4 or five now lol
 
 Has Sopie got the tooth through yet.  
 
 It has melting into the grounds but still have a couple of inches.  Storm is supposed to start 3ish with rain and then snow up to a foot and windy.  SO  will be drifting.  Fun stuff
 
 has it been absorbed or evaporated? or will it ice over?
 
 Forecasting 9 to 12" .  Much of the last snow is melted.
 
 But the snow it beautiful.
 
 its around 65 here now
 
 More snow tomorrow.  "Got to love the midwest.
 
 I know but they are forcasting more storms on Monday.
 
 Ours is already melted lol
 
 running out of space to put the snow
 
 Forcasting up to 15 inches 
 
 Snowing/thunder/lightning all at the same time.  two inches since 7.  Most schools/libraries/some businesses are closed today. Love the pixs of the kiddos in the snow.
 
 we will 
 
 my house is only maybe supposed to get like specks that stay on the ground
 
 Stray safe love you
 
 we are under a blizzard warning
 
 because of themountains
 
 JJ resturant by the pLaza.  Gas leak caused by construction.  How is your weather?  We are in for a major winter storm tonight and tomorrow
 
 Billy's birthday was on Saturday
 
 Adams is on the 18th
 
                  Saundra's is on June 28th
 
 Sophia's is March 24 ( I think) and I forgot when Rene's is. 
 
 Your mom first tooth was on the side like Sophia.  Forgot when the kids birthday are.  Adam is coming up soon right
 
 Lost 2 phones.  sounds like you have a lot on your mind.
 
 It was
 
 its been like 68 around noon here
 
 Looks like they had good weather for a zoo trip.
 
 Love you too
 
 I'll be back on it a bit. Love you
 
 we'll I'm off to head to work. 
 
 yep
 
 apparently a lion had fun staring at them from the window. lol
 
 They enjoyed the zoo? 
 
 she was sleepy because nikki took them all to the zoo yesterday
 
 Luv the pix of you and Sophie
 
 lots of crude going around here also.  People come into the library sick.
 
 nope. they are out of school this week with swine flu
 
 are the kiddo feeling better?
 
 Pipes fixed?  
 
 burst a pipe in my kitchen this weekend. =fun fun fun fun. haha
 
 Good luck with the job search.  Wallpaper gone in the kitchen and all sanded.  Will start on the KILZ on Thursday.  
 
 yep
 
 trying to get in contact with some of the civilian employees here
 
 to see if they have any openings for civilians
 
 doing the same job I'm doing now. 
 
 working today?
 
 are you still at work?
 
 I do too!  Gooseberries for apples works for me.  We are both happy!
 
 I love having a 'trade'
 
 I can barter my trumpet teaching to a mechanic for him to help me out. 
 
 getting ready to have a full tune up done to it. 
 
 Super!
 
 (they changed them to help in the sale)
 
 I had them checked
 
 the mechanic said they were just changed right before I got the car
 
 Be sure to check hoses and belts on a car that has been setting. Still have the wall behind the cabinet to do and then off to home depot to decide what to do with the walls.
 
 coffe and heights not normally a good combo
 
 Break time.  Does not work to drink coffee and then get up on a ladder.  Need to stay off coffee 100% of the time.
 
 ttyl love u too
 
 Need to get back to stripping wallpaper off.  ttyl luv you
 
 but thats just a switch I need to replace
 
 has a minor short in the car. (turnsignal can come out a little and turn off the internal lights. )
 
 just needs some general love
 
 it was sitting for a couple months
 
(luckily with an empty gas tank) 
 
 Not bad.  Good luck with it. Does an 87 need a tuneup??
 
 I replaced the spark plugs on it
 
 and that helped
 
 just waiting for taxes soI can get a full tuneup on it
 
 and fix the van
 
 need a tuneup
 
 and a starter (have to arc the solenoid to start it currently) but it runs well
 
 only 140
 
000
 
 Does it have a lot of miles on?  They are easy on gas.
 
 a 1987 Nissan 200sx
 
 I bought a little nissan to save on gas. little 2 door
 
 lol
 
 and I have to pick up some cinder blocks. (the dog has been jumping our 5+ft back wall
 
 that much I know
 
 I need some insulation for the boiler room (water heater next to the outside vent)
 
 I haven't seen them
 
 so I'd have to check. 
 
 Are the pipes that froze next to a wall if so you can get some foam covers for them.  After they are thawed out.  Does not cost much and you can leave them on.
 
 I know how that feels
 
 thanks for the B-day wish.  Just another day at work. 
 
 I go to work at 12:30 today.  
 
 ya I'm at work today
 
 It does work.  A hair dryer will help it thaw.  Are you at work today?
 
 NOw its just convincing Nikki that 'dripping' a faucet works
 
 she thinks its a myth. HAHA
 
 That is cold.  Lots to learn about owning a home.  If it gets that cold again you know what pipe to let drip.  
 
 nothing big
 
 she's just flipping out
 
 because she's never had to deal with it. TUcson doesnt normally get this cold (in the low 20's ) HAHA
 
 the rest of the house is just sluggish
 
 so I am having her leave those on to 'drip' for when they thaw
 
 apparently it was just the kitchen and the laundry room from what nikki is saying
 
 That is not good.  Have the pipe burst?  If not you can use a hair dryer to heat the pipes and hopefully get your water going.  That is something we worry about in the midwest. 
 
 My pipes froze last night 
 
 check out the video "Im a daddy and I know it"
 
 working also.  Been very busy sat. and today.  Training a new employee.  It makes it double busy.  Grandpa went back to the surgeon today and it will be another month before square dancing.  
 
 yep
 
 I'm at work today
 
 hi Phillip working today?
 
 Haven't heard if the results are in.  The wallpaper was the fruit but it will soon be history.  
 
 any results from the MRI. and I was takling about the wallpaper. it was still fruit in the kitchen wasn't it?
 
 Your mom had a MRI done yesterday.
 
 I understand the church is giving them a car.  Did you mean fuel is going down?  It has here but they are talking about new highs.
 
 since the fruits coming down
 
 any thoughts for the new one?
 
 I'm a little out of the loop
 
 I didn't know there was a wreck until last night
 
 and I didn't know Nicholas was in it. 
 
 I am taking down the wallpaper in the kitchen.  Half way done.
 
 I quess you know that your mother and Nick were in a car wreck.
 
 Nikki tagged you in some of the new pictures she has taken in the past couple days. 
 
 Have you gotten me some new pixs?  Please they are growing so fast.
 
 Hi :D
 
 hI pHILLIP
 
 Haven't decided what to put in the bedroom but definitely no more wallpaper. 
 
 waiting to get some stuff situated before I start working on the plans for the renovations for the kitchen and the downstairs den into a bedroom
 
 Snow still on the ground so been keeping busy make jelly and jams - winter time project.  Austin pulled up the carpet in the middle bedroom.  Will start removing wallpaper in the kitchen.  Can't work outside so keep busy inside.
 
 Keep up the good work.  You have a family that depends on you.
 
 and I still have my Tuition Assistance that pays 100% of my tuition while I am still in. 
 
 no matter what I choose I still have my GI bill which will pay for housing and tuition for school for a certain amount of time after I get out. 
 
 Send pixs ttyl luv yuu
 
 Sounds like you are exploring your options.  Would the military pay for schooling?
 
 I might be rejoining the military
 
 either the Guard
 
 the Active Air Force again
 
 or possibly another service
 
 if I can't secure a job in my career field
 
 I am looking at jobs I can get after June when I get out. 
 
 not right now I'm not
 
 They gave me this week off
 
 I start again next week. 
 
 'I'm a morning person always will be.  Only set the alarm clock when I do the elections and have to be up at 5am.  Are you on rotating shiefs.  
 
 I
 
 pink and green 
 
 just woke up
 
 no Ihaven't . 
 
 I guess you have seen Nike's casts on facebook.
 
 guess Nick is having his heep surgery today.
 
 they have had seize of it.  Elvira is lucky she has kids that come and do the chores for her and take her to the hospital.
 
 ouch
 
 My brother in law should be able to come home this week after a month in hospital-rehab. Doctor removed a tumor from his head the size of an egg.  
 
 it hailed for a little bit here
 
 Great it has been snowing all day here.  Grandpa had a follow-up doctor visit today.  Doc bumped up his therapy from 3x to 5x a week.  Wants to see more inprovement in 2 weeks.
 
 no. the kids rented some movies
 
 and are going to have a bunch of snacks and stuff tonight
 
 Are you going out to celebrate?
 
 HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!
 
 Just got back from library party.  Had a good time. 
 
 Would love to have current pictures of everyone and you in your dress blues.  I never seen your grandpa in his military uniform.  He would never wear his uniform on weekends.  
 
 We took a picture of Sophia in her outfit. and I will try to get it on the computer whenever my phone feels like cooperating. haha
 
 Yes they all fit
 
 Adams pants are a little big in the waist but he has belts
 
  
 
 Keep forgetting if the clothes fit the kids?  
 
 My break is over need to get back to cleaning the basement.  It is a hoarder room.  Time to have a huge garage sale and downside before we have to move for real.
 
 nope I actually have a day off
 
 I'm working on cleanign out my computer. Its been runnng sluggishly
 
 so its time to do a spring cleaning on it. Dusting
 
 deleting old files
 
 etc.
 
 Are you at work today?
 
 Nicholas is scheduled for his heel surgery on Monday. 
 
 I put his address on the letter but it was mailed from here.
 
 I will have to check. 
 
 I dont think I got grandpa andy's letter. 
 
 A pre-school would help her.  Have you gotten the letter from your grandpa andy.  It was sent from Tongie.  
 
 Got to go ttry luv you 
 
 Saundra seems to be going backwards on talking though
 
 so we are wokring on her now. 
 
 Adam is talking SO much better.
 
 The legoland at Crown Center is a big hit with the boys and Savanah.
 
 Am getting out the house today.  Have 3 days off which will change after the 1st.  Going shopping with Austin and Savanah today.  
 
 ttyl
 
 HOpefully I get out of work early today
 
 ttyl 
 
 Something I though about when your grandpa and I got in the middle of the riots April 4
 
 1968 if guns were more available we might not be here.  It was bad enough with the rocks
 
 bricks and pushing people down.  
 
 No
 
 I dont want you to unfriend me. My thought on the gun control issue is that with the Newtown shooting
 
 The guns were stolen from his mother.   If you add more restrictions to people owning weapons legally
 
 it will not effect the illegal weapons market
 
 it will just mean that more people are unarmed against those that want to use the weapons for harm
 
 Phillip do you want me to unfriend you because I so support more gun control. 
 
 luv you ttyl.
 
 If you want to feel sorry for someone it should be Austin. .  Austin should not have been treated  that way by his mother. He wanted to spend some time with his mother and his brothers.  
 
 Too much Christmas for the little ones.  Adam is talking so much better.  
 
 Its ok. I'm sorry Christmas wasn't as good as it normally it. . All the kids refused to eat the beef ribs we made. so they aren't particuarly in a good mood. 
 
 Sorry I should not have called you.  I could not talk without crying so I hung up.  Was on the way home from taking Austin and Savanah home.  Sorry  
 
 we just got back
 
 went to the other side of Tucson for "christmas dinner"  with one side of the family
 
 Mr. Bill that is
 
 Will we hear from you?  Austin would like to talk to you.  He is hear tonight.  He wanted to go to his Mom and hang out with his brothers. Mr. Bill was yealing in the background.  So much for a Merry Christmas.  Hope yours goes better than here.  The Grinch stole our Christmas.  
 
 Not sure what kind of response I will get on the recipes.
 
 Fantastic!!!!!!! If you would add little about the recipe.  We are having a blizzard.  Schools are closed and it felt like the house was shaking last night with the strong wind.  See what you are missing.
 
 I think nikki has one or two from the mexican themed food
 
 and I'll have to think on mine
 
 I might write up from when I made my sausage
 
 egg
 
 breakfast bars
 
 I am thinking about doing a family cookbook. Been sending Xmas cards to sisters etc. asking for family recipes.  So if you and Nikki have some recipes to contribute.  I have one from the DeMoss side of the family and really enjoy it.
 
 sophia was sick
 
 but not as bad at the other kids
 
 But it will not happen overnight.  It will take time. Did Sophie catch it also?
 
 for the most part
 
 Nikki is having issues
 
 but most of that now is what the doctors haven't diagnosed but we are thinking is celiacs
 
 or crones
 
 so she has jsut adjusted her diet and that is kindof helping
 
 Is everyone well again? 
 
 That is Austin's favorite - apple butter.  He will be helping me remove the carpet from the mid. bedroom during xmas vac. but other things.
 
 (well the apple butter is in the fridge
 
 not the pantry) haha
 
 the Apple butter is almost gone
 
 
 
 oh yes we did get it
 
 the presents are hidden in the garage
 
 and the jam/jelly
 
 apple butter
 
 and salsa is in the pantry. 
 
 Will send to you but will not get there before xmas.  Did you get the our box yet?
 
 yummy fudge
 
 Made fudge this morning!  Sent some home with the therapist and brought some to work.
 
 sounds like fun. I get to hopefully get off work early tomorrow. so I can get the kids from school
 
 Long day!
 
 Worked at 4am this morning
 
 Hello
 
 just got home. 
 
 hi
 
 Hey grandpa is grumpy from staying home.  Would you call him and make his day.
 
 BYE
 
 Had a good time shopping with Austin yesterday.  He setup Grandpa's tablet and Blu ray to the wireless.  Did you receive the gifts?
 
 Will pick up Austin at 5:00 tonight.  
 
 Have you tried a nettie pot.  It does help me with congestion.  If I didn't use it I would have a harder time using the CPAP.
 
 nope
 
 still all congested from allergies
 
 and feel like crap. so I have allergies kicking up 
 
 and getting whatever the kids have
 
 filling any better?
 
 Hey it was low teens Sun. morning but is warming up again.  Sorry everyone is sick not vfun.
 
 It was 33 yesterday morning
 
 get the van out of the shop on Friday
 
 all the kids are sick
 
 and we and nikki are getting sick too. just the general cold stuff now that its starting to get cold. 
 
 How is your day going?
 
 ok
 
 I'll let you know. 
 
 William needs to stay healty to help take care of his brothers.  Got a package sent off today.  PO says you should get it in 2 -3 days.  Let me know when you get it.
 
 you too. so.. TOmmy just got out of the hospital
 
 nicholas is getting ready to go in. when is William giong to have to go in? lol
 
 NIck's surgery is next week.  Take care time to get ready for work.
 
 Hopefully not like Nicholas's
 
 and I'm thinking adam is getting ready to grow again
 
 his feet
 
 and legs are starting to hurt a lot. 
 
 and rene is 5-7
 
 and Billy is 4-6 (but has a bigger waist)
 
 sophia is in around 9-12 (depending on length)
 
 adam is around 5-7
 
 Saundra it really depends on the brand size
 
 she wears between 2-5 
 
 getting ready to send box.  Since you did not give sizes was guessing.  You may have exchange for right sizes at Kohls.
 
 Have a new recipe for chicken stripes that is really good.
 
 :D sounds good to me
 
 I found out that the Kroger store (Fry's) here
 
 tomorrow they are starting a buy 1 get 2 free boneless chicken breast sale. 
 
 haven't had a chance today. 
 
 Have you check out my facebook page?  Cooking class at my house last weekend.
 
 Hi phillip
 
 No. 1 week and out.  took pixs today.  swelling had gone down.
 
 glad they are coming out
 
 thats pretty quick to get all of the staples out isnt it?
 
 Grandpa goes to dr. on Monday to have the staples out all 50. He is getting a lot of the bend back.  Still a long way to go.
 
 Grandpa is up and walking.  Got to go.  Will get you some pix.
 
 sure
 
 would you want more baby pix?  I have lots and video too.
 
 Grandpa's surgery went find.  Started on therapy today and should home on Friday.  
 
 computer is down at home.  At work today and will be off all of next week.  call me is you need something.
 
 I hope he recovers fast so he can get back to doing what he wants
 
 instead of being cooped up
 
 I am looking for ways to keep me in the AirForce
 
 and I might have found one. Hopefully I can prove useful enough to keep around based on my experience
 
 interest
 
 and expertise in an imerging project. 
 
 Keeping the hands warm - good. Have next week off will be at the hospital most of the time.  Not being able to get in the car and go to town will drive him and me nuts
 
 and cycling gloves to keep my hands warm
 
 I wore jeans
 
 an under armour shirt
 
 and a sweatshirt with my backpack that had my uniform in it
 
 it was a little chilly
 
 How was the weather for your bike ride?  Grandpa's surgery is on Monday.  
 
 Goodnight.   Getting ready to put the kids to bed. they are finishing up dinner now. 
 
 Will say night night and don't let the bed bugs bite.
 
 I think that it is going to far.  Let kids be kids.
 
 to say the least
 
 go figure. the US is still a ltitle 'censored' 
 
 It can breast feed by the girl wearing a special halter top.  Not going over big in the US&gt;
 
 nope
 
 Have you heard about the doll that is being produced in England?
 
 Adam now weighs 43 lbs. and is almost 3'10"
 
 I'll have to check. 
 
 and plays with them just like baby
 
 (so she says)
 
 she plays with babydolls and treats them like sophia
 
 and pretend feeds them
 
 Saundra is only 3. and she is behind
 
 just like adam. 
 
 Glenda's grandkids in texas are on the gluten free diet.  Really Saundra is too big for doll.  She never was big into dolls?  What size are they wearing.  I have some of Tom's shirts for Adam if you want them.
 
 Sophia likes standing. haha. she has been pulling herself up on the couch for  a month now. but jsutstarted sitting up straight on her own two days ago. lol
 
 adam I'm not sure honestly. 
 
 saundra is big into baby dolls now. 
 
 Do you have ideas for xmas presents?
 
 so we dont know
 
 and its only helping some on the pain scale. 
 
 shes been on gluten free for almost a month now
 
 Will not happen overnight.
 
 and its helping some.. but not a lot
 
 she has been
 
 We have lots of books at the library - cooking gluten free.  Might start following the diet even before a diagnosis. 
 
 not too good. still trying to figure out what is wrong with her. we are thinking celiacs disease
 
 which would mean no wheat
 
 gluten
 
 dairy
 
 etc.. but we can't get a solid diagnosis
 
 Good.  How is Nikkole doing.  
 
 nope
 
 Is he around smoking?  
 
 to see if they want to take them out early
 
 have to go get adam looked at by an ear nose adn throat doctor to see if his Tonsils are too big. like mine were (which we raelised when they took them out) lol 
 
 I just had a bad reaction to it
 
 it was just Wellbutrin
 
 Some heavy duty meds.
 
 I'm alright. I got taken off of one of my medication because it caused blackouts every night for over a week
 
 in Lawrence.  They liked the Bob Dole one.  
 
 Had Sat. off took the boys to Bob Dole  and Watkins Museam
 
 How are you feeling?
 
 I heard Kstate was doing good
 
 I haven't lookedup KU yet
 
 its 6pm here now since DST
 
 just finished dinner. 
 
 nope
 
 I worked normal hours toady
 
 Are you at work?
 
 Grandpa says that the fans are getting together and wearing black.  Blackout.  But they still have to pay the high priced parking.\\K-State has #1 college football team in the nation.
 
 haha
 
 I knew they were doing bad
 
 but I didn't think it was that bad
 
 Chief are doing so bad that tickets are $6 for the next 2 games.  
 
 We will probably go to Jumping Catfish today and Olive garden tomorrow for lunch.  Kids eat free is a good thing.
 
 because Olive garden and Texas Road House here will be packed from the base
 
 Possibly. trying to coincide my free meal with a place where the kids can eat free also. so maybe Denny's or Golden Corral
 
 Thought that maybe it was a misprint.  We are finally getting some rain.  Are you dong the veteran's free meals today/tomorrow?
 
 we had to turn on the heat this morning. the house dropped to 62 degrees last night
 
 Is the weather in Tuscon cool like the paper has it?  Lots for Thanksgiving -  cranberry always goes good with turkey.
 
 ok. Love you too
 
 Have a good evening. night love you
 
 had two like 10 page packets to do
 
 he's still working on it
 
 How are the kiddo doing.  Did Adam get all of his homework done?
 
 no
 
 worked today
 
 working tonight???
 
 I hate not being able to do stuff. 
 
 He is a bear when he cannot get in the car and go.  
 
 ok
 
 We know a lot of people that have had replacements and did well.  
 
 I hope it goes well. 
 
 Grandpa knee replacement has been moved to Nov. 26.  He will in the hospital for 3 or 4 days.  Then home with a walker and lots of therapy. fun times Will not be able to square dance for 6 weeks or more. 
 
 Glad Adam is well again.  It was a very busy day.  Got home around 8 last night.  
 
 Good luck tomorrow. hope all goes well .  Adam went back to school today after being sick for a week. He came home and said (I have sooooo much homework)
 
 Will be a long day/election day.  From 6 am until after 8pm.  We expect a huge turnout.
 
 yup
 
 Work today?
 
 Adam went to the doctor today and has tonsilitis
 
 a sinus infection
 
 and possibly an ear infection
 
 What did the doctor say about adam fever?  Grandpa's surgery has been moved to 11-26.
 
 Ya . Then a dental appointment
 
 then adam has a doctor appointment (hes had 100+ temp for a coupe days )
 
 Are you at work?
 
 Just too much stuff at once
 
 need a break for a coupe minutes .. Nothing big
 
 What's the matter?
 
 good luck! 
 
 Its going ok. I'm at my all day psychological testing currently... Got here at 9 and won't be done until ay least 5
 
 How is everything?
 
 Not really
 
 Feeling better 
 
 Take care of yourself!  You have little ones depending on you
 
 Just left the er  sprained ribs and inflammation
 
 May be stress but you can not take chances.
 
 super
 
 Maybe next week we can set up a time to se If we can get it working
 
 I have skyp but have not use it yet.
 
 Yes I have been on her site and a bunch of other ones when I'm looking for tips and suggestions. overall.. 284 bottles of soda
 
 and 104 kool-aide packets will cost me about 83$ total. and will stock me up on soda and kool-aide.. (soda for 9 months
 
 and kool aid for life. lol)
 
 Have you checked out the crazycouponlady.com?   Food banks will be asking for donations soon.  
 
 He is so quiet.
 
 I haven't talked to him in a while why
 
 Do you talk to Austin?
 
 Save money is a good thing.  Making pear honey tomorrow.  
 
 We are doing good.  Saw a really cool show called 'extreme couponing'  which shows how people use
 
 stack
 
 and organize coupons based around sales to save between 50%-95% on their store trips. I going to start doing that (slowly at first
 
 trying to get like 50-60% off total)  (because currently I average around 30% off)  
 
 How are you?  Glenda and her family was up for dinner on Saturday.  Went to the Nelson Art Gallery with them on Sunday.  
 
 Super.  Pick some apples today to make apple butter.  Will send some when done.  
 
 I'm preparing some  articulation excercises for the kid to do
 
 I'm ok
 
 getting off work now and going to get ready for my trumpet tutoring. 
 
 How are you?   
 
 its supposed to get to like 100 today in tucson
 
 but the nights have been in the high 70's low 80's so that part in nice
 
 It's Friday!! Yea and don't work on Saturday this week.  Love this fall weather.
 
 good for you
 
 That sounds like fun 
 
 I started tutoring a 7th grader on trumpet today. $10 an hour. And its fun
 
 Going to Topeka to dance to Mike Sikorsky tomorrow.  He calls in the winter in Mesa
 
 Arz.  Fun to dance to. 
 
 Time to go home from work
 
 That electric bill hurts.
 
 the electric bill was 650$
 
 the gas was 18$
 
 Why did you paid 650 when your bill was 18?
 
 Has to be done.  Working today so your Mom and brothers are working the garage sale.  Did get rid of some lawn movers and bikes.  
 
 ouch
 
 Super.  Grandpa is scheduled for knee rplacement in December.  Fun time.  
 
 but my Gas bill is only 18$ 
 
 just paid 650$ to the electric company. lol
 
 and things are giong ok so far
 
 yup
 
 How are things going?  Kiddo getting used to a school schedule?
 
 that is cool enough to turn off ac and open windows.
 
 like 70 ish on a cool night
 
 Does it get really cool at night?
 
 starting to cool off here
 
 now it only gets around like 102 during the day
 
 OK.  That would a damper on Mondays.  We are starting to get fall weather.  After this summer it is wonderful.
 
 we wear blues every Monday
 
 What a bummer.  Working a full day today so that is good.  Went square dancing Fri. and Sat.  Had a good time. Why are you wearing your dress uniform today?  I would like a current picture of you in your Blues please.\\\\
 
 but I think I found a replacement washing machine since mine broke
 
 and I'm still grumpy from losing all of my downstairs carpet from the washer flooding my downstairs. lol
 
 I dont like wearing my Blues (dress) uniform
 
 I dislike Mondays. lol
 
 Happy Monday.  It is a beautiful day in T-town.  
 
 Gave 2 haircut and 3 colors today.
 
 You take care.
 
 yep
 
 She is 5 months now?
 
 3-6 or 6-9 depending on how they run size wise
 
 It will turn up someday when you least except it.  What size is Sophia wearing now.  
 
 lost it in the move
 
 I am still looking for my power cord for my printer. haha
 
 nice. 
 
 that was 300+ should read before i enter.  Change out my printer for a different one.  
 
 Ouch.  We  have had the AC on most of the summer.  Got 2 inches of much needed rain on Saturday.
 
 though I did win $33=00+ today.
 
 working on lowering my electric bill. lol 480$ in usage each month so far. 
 
 Home alone.  Boring
 
 nope
 
 working today?
 
 Bet Sophia is really growing.
 
 still need to get him scheduled downtown for an autism screening
 
 but it all takes time
 
 they are having fun
 
 adam started his screening process last week for the developmental stuff
 
 Not fun but necessary things to do.  How are Adam and Rene liking school?
 
 nope.  paying bills and running erands
 
 Working today?
 
 Is Adam playing the drums?
 
 You can vote absentee ballot from Kansas.  Go on line to register and vote.  We need more younger people to vote.  
 
 I think I get an absentee from Kansas since I'm still a kansas resident
 
 I still need to look up the regulations on whether I vote for Arizona or Kansas now. 
 
 There are times when I do not like some canidate but I alway vote for the other ones.  Working the elections we get excited when young people come in to vote because the majority are 40 and up. Very few young people vote.   I have seen people that come from the hospital to make sure that they vote.  
 
 I would have voted for Obama in 2008
 
 but I didn't get my absentee ballet in time 
 
 I honestly haven't had time with my schedule
 
 but I dont like any of the current nominees
 
 so unless I literally just walked in and abstained
 
 I would be helping someone I didn't like
 
 I suppose then that you have not register to vote.
 
 A basic  air force t-shirt.  I think something with AF on.  
 
 not a clue.. the best thing I can think of would be the surplus stores. but I dont know where any are in the area.. what kind was he looking for?
 
 Austin is wanting a AF t-shirt.  Do you know where I can get one?
 
 Very little rain so far.  Farmers are losing their crops and already starting to feed hay to the cattle.  Our square dance club is having our annual BBQ this weekend.
 
 I think its the end of May
 
 When will their school end in AZ.  Tongie starts the 23th.
 
 yea
 
 so far they do
 
 Good Morning! Does Rene and Adan like school?
 
 The school started 8-1
 
 when the school end?
 
 its jsut shift work likeI was doing in England
 
 if I get it
 
 not really
 
 So you think that Korea won't be so bad?????
 
 Got go.Bye
 
 I know people that wash kitchen flour every other day and post it on facebook.
 
 Shop at Sam's this morning.  Had a 30% off at Kohl's.
 
 haha
 
 no
 
 they are thinking the OCD from the  way I catagorize things
 
 always sit in the same places
 
 the way I listen to music
 
 etc.. 
 
 lol
 
 Have you seen Paulette's girls pix on facebook.  They look like Paulette when she was that age.  Did you get ocd  from Mr. Bill?
 
 they are scheduling me for autistic testing
 
 broad spectrum
 
 but they are thinking its a form of asbergers
 
 or ocd
 
 you get used to it. 
 
 That makes for a short time to sleep.
 
 yup
 
 Back at work again? 
 
 good night
 
 Good night and don't let the bed bugs bite.
 
 not many people your age have their own house.
 
 I'm happy currently
 
 more than I have been a while.    still wrapping my head around owning my own house. HAHA
 
 and everything else
 
 I'm fine
 
 and actually happy. 
 
 and I am still bowling
 
 
 
 I have enough to keep me busy
 
 I'm fine. nothing to worry about. I've got my kids
 
 work
 
 school
 
 nikki
 
 etc... 
 
 mean about you
 
 I worry able you.
 
 have fun. love you.. 
 
 You take care - love you.  ttyl
 
 I'm on some meds curerntly but they arent really working.. so they are going to switch me
 
 yup yup. it helps me concentrate. 
 
 You always were one to burn the candle on both ends.
 
 I work better with too much to do and not enough time and i get it all done
 
 another reason the doctors think I'm autistic. haha
 
 yup
 
 but I'm used to too much to do and not enough time. 
 
 You have a lot on plate right now and lots of decisions to make.
 
 I would be in the dorms tehre. 
 
 They had a housekeeper there.
 
 I have friends that were stationed in Korea she got her first garden pruner there. 
 
 and I would get a seperation pay
 
 and still get my housing allowance
 
 they would stay here wit hnikki
 
 it would be like a deployment
 
 no
 
 Would the family go with you?
 
 so not horrible
 
 its one of like 2 bases in South Korea
 
 if you arei n Intel
 
 most people in the AF go at least once 
 
 its not bad
 
 Ouch is that a good place to go?
 
 I am.. I might be able to 'go around' my current commander by giong to Korea for a year.. so I'm weighing that option also..
 
 Put some money back in case you do reinlist.   Check out all your possibilities.
 
 but I force common sense
 
 and most of it is actually me over analizing everything
 
 nope not really. lol
 
 Don't compare yourself with parke.  He has never had common sense from what I hear.
 
 two of his three kids are
 
 yea
 
 and I am on par with parke
 
 and he's likely autistic also. 
 
 A high IQ.  Your Grandma Jackie had all of her kids IQ tested.
 
 I was playing chess at 3 and was always in the advanced classes
 
 and still excelled..to the point of ridicule
 
 I have notice that.  
 
 I'm not really good in any social situation unless I'm doing something mathematical
 
 or musical. and I tend to stay away from large crowds
 
 Yes I am surprised.  
 
 half of my family is autistic. haha
 
 I started going to the Mental Health office
 
 due to some issues concentrating. and are you surprised that I'm more than likely autistic? haha
 
 they think that you are austic?
 
 lol
 
 so
 
 I'm just preparing
 
 and I'm not being seen to get some autism test done
 
 and that wont let me stay in if I am autistic
 
 becuase of my shins
 
 and a coupel other things..
 
 I was told that they will probably not approve my reenlistment
 
 
 
 Be careful if you ride at night. You found a nanny? You don't think that you will continue in the air force
 
 since I'm not sure if I will be in the military this time next year..  we are just preparing
 
 with our livein nanny we are moving in
 
 she's getting a second job with different hours than nikki
 
 and I'm looking at a coupel different jobs
 
 and am starting school again next month and will go full time after I get out of the military.. and we are just preparing for everything
 
 we are getting used to it. 
 
 Makes it hard to have family time.
 
 Do you ride the bike at 2 am?
 
 regular days one week.  and 2am-2pm the next week switching each week. haha
 
 Good luck.  What kind of hours are you working now?
 
 so I can do it here. and I'll mail it to her to sign
 
 and she will waive her right to appear in court again
 
 I'm giong to have to start over
 
 and I'll file everything from here. 
 
 Will you be able to do the divorce on line or will you have to come to KS&gt;
 
 It is a disaster for the farmers with the drought and hot weather.  Will mean higher prices in the stores.
 
 That is a lot of bicycling.  Keep it up.  We got a small amount of rain today.  But it is cool enough to turn the air off and open the windows.
 
 its about 115 on the ride home
 
 and a bout 80 on the way to work
 
 thats how I've been losing the weight faster
 
 I've been riding my bicycle to and from work.. 7 miles each way.. so 14 miles a day
 
 lol
 
 I'm anticipating it to be flooded in about an hour
 
 it just started raining
 
 Good.  Day off tomorrow and I am going to spend the whole shopping etc.  Some me alone time.
 
 I am not going to take them from her. but once i gget full custody and sole custody that means that she isnt' guaranteed to see them
 
 so she can see them when she comes and visits
 
 I dont ahve to pay for her to see them
 
 Will she have visitation?  
 
 I need to get a new picture
 
 Marissa has decided that she is going to give me full custody.. so thats a good thing.. I have to start the divorce frmot he beginning again with the paperwork and everything.
 
 Looking good on losing weight.
 
 I forsee the kids getting pictures like every 4 months. lol
 
 because she needed appointments
 
 Nikki's friend works at  sears so we will get a collage for free
 
 no. we dont have the money for it. 
 
 Have you gotten some of the sear photo yet?  
 
 and adam is adapting
 
 its still hit or miss
 
 but its a process
 
 rene is the social butterfly
 
 and they are doing good. 
 
 they are in full days
 
 the normal school year. so they get the summer months as a vaca
 
 How is Adam and Rene doing in school"  Do they go to school year round?  
 
 No rain here
 
 Are you getting any rain??   Everything is gone with the extreme heat and no rain. I am so ready to quit gardening all to gather and move to a little house and yard. 
 
 I've been working and sleeping thats it
 
 Did you vote at the primary??  Now is the time to register to vote in November.  It is a right that we all have is to get out there and vote.
 
 Long day.  Good night
 
 Are you at work?
 
 GOOD MORNING! Am up and ready to work at the election.  
 
 Yes thats the link you would use to order them.   \nAnd the address is 7962 e 2nd street tucson arizona 85710
 
 Would you send your address again.  Misplaced it.  Those some fantastic pixs of the kids.  No 3 of Sophia is just what would happen when we had your mom's pix at that age.  Can I go Sear website and order some pictures?
 
 Thank you
 
 I've been so busy I forgot lol  have fun at the lake
 
 Happy early  Birthday!! Will leave in am for the lake. 
 
 The Brits are putting on a good show!!
 
 Yep they start on the first
 
 Adam and Renee getting ready for kindergarten? 
 
 Have you register to vote???? Have a class tomorrow in Leav. for primary on Tuesday. Leave for the lake on Sunday.  Off today and tomorrow and then off for a week Yea.
 
 Me too. 
 
 yep
 
 areyou working today?
 
 Found some really neat baby clothes today.
 
 it looks like it so far
 
 Will Sophia be a pink girlie like Saundra. 
 
 I thought the red/white/blue would be a little big but I really like it.  Found the dollbaby at a gs where I found Austin a lot of clothes etc. Glad the kids loved the jellies and jams.  Made some peach jam this week. It is really good.  Will need to send some more.  
 
 and all the kids love the jellies and jams
 
 Saundra lved the babydoll though. :-)
 
  I know that Sophia's second dress is too big but she'll grow into it (the red white  and blue one)
 
 I'll have to ask Nikki
 
 I've been busy with work and getting everything situated for the house. 
 
 She is a beautiful baby!!!  Does Saundra fit her?  It is fun to shop for little girls!
 
 did you see the picture Nikki took of Sophia in one of the dresses you sent?  we are still working on getting pics of the other ones
 
 Putting up freezer corn today.  Put 2 peach pies in the freezer.  Clothes on the line and work at library this pm.  It is so hot and dry - have to do a lot of watering to keep garden going.
 
 if you highlight the post
 
 and copy it (right click
 
 copy)   then go to your where you update your status
 
 and paste it in.'
 
 Don't know how to copy to my wall
 
 Fire ants don't fly but they do bite hard
 
 no I checked and went out and looked at them while they were flying.. definately termites
 
 MIght be fire ants.  
 
 Now I know I need to get a termite inspector to check my yard and figure out where the colony is haha  (before they get hungry)
 
 its rained one good time
 
 its been hot and humid here
 
 its refusing to rain even though its in Monsoon season. 
 
 Getting a little rain today.  It has been so hot and dry.
 
 HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!
 
 have you gotten the last pixs i sent?
 
 apj_elfman@yahoo.com
 
 could I get your e-mail address again please
 
 bye
 
 I'll talk toyou later. :)
 
 tomorrow I think. haha and I still have lotsof cleaning to do today
 
 Long day go home and get some rest.  when do you go back to work?
 
 love you
 
 and only 11 hours. haha
 
 I'm finally off owrk
 
 Had to change out the red lights for amber when he retired.
 
 Know a guy that has a white Harley 60 ish that he used for parades and as policeman in Cali
 
 still lots of cleaning to do
 
 nope
 
 Have you finished with the old house?
 
 I am so tired of this heat.  Take it back to AZ.
 
 not really
 
 You deal with public????????????????
 
 public. I dont have a choice with members of the staff. lol
 
 Dealing with the public or other members of the staff?
 
 i tend to have the same thing. lol
 
 dealing with the public makes it hard to keep my temper in check.
 
 What started out to be a good day at work ended on the bad side.
 
 Has been busy at the library today.
 
 haha. 
 
 It has been fun!  Had coffee this morning for 1st time in over a month.   I am wired.  Yaka yaka
 
 ok have fun
 
 love you
 
 woops got to go get ready for work ttyl.  Love you
 
 and Marissa's ring tone is Witch Doctor
 
 because the kids know when she's calling
 
 I have 'this is the song that never ends' as my ring tone
 
 the kids get a kick out of it
 
 Your can get that for your phone ring tone
 
 by crosby
 
 stills
 
 nash
 
 your right  will goggle it
 
 yea
 
 I think so
 
 or its Our house
 
 I'm not sure
 
 Isn't there a song "My house????
 
 it started at 3.7
 
 but they had to raise it when the appraiser dropped the price of the house and I had to take some of the closing costs
 
 We built this house in 73.  That is a great mort. rate.  Our 1st house was bought with GI loan.  It is getting harder to do the upkeep.   Susan has been selling some houses. been dragging water hoses - here and at the flower garden and at the library.  Gave up at the library -too much.
 
 my mortgage rate got locked in at 4% with my VA loan
 
 my house was built in 65'  and  I bought it at the bottom of the housing market.. so even if you are thinking of selling the house (which you shouldnt)  dont sell it any time soon
 
 That in increible!  I would hope that we could sell our(small)(  house for more than that.  If not we are paying TOO MUCH FOR REAL EASTATE TAX.
 
 I ended up getting it for about 134
 
000$ after fees and everything. 
 
 (obviously before I movedin my stuff. but that way you can see a layout of the house)
 
 here is the house. 
 
 http://www.trulia.com/homes/Arizona/Tucson/sold/21313901-7962-E-2nd-St-Tucson-AZ-85710
 
 a couple 'updating' things I need to do 
 
 (like the oven) (its tiny... for a family like mine) lol but other than that
 
 I like the house
 
 and yes it does. I'll try to take some pictures within the next week or so
 
 once stuff is unpacked more
 
 Can't really get any rest until the house is done. I have to get the old house entirely done by wed
 
 and Nikki can't do the old house with the 5 kids
 
 because there is now nothing in the house to entertain them. lol
 
 Doesn't it feel good - you are moving into YOUR house!!!!!!!!!!  You got up before I did.  I was up shortly after 4.
 
 yep we opend the box
 
 but then it got closed and moved to the new house. so no pictures yet.. 
 
 You are burning the candle on both ends.  Get some rest.  Your brothers and I have been going through some old photo and will send some to you on e-mail.  Have you opened the box yet????????????????
 
 Have to get the house finished before wed
 
 and most of the stuff is moved intot henew house
 
 Nikki started organizing and unpacking  yesterday
 
 I cleaned some at the old house
 
 and then went to bed so I could get up for work this morning
 
 had to be in here at 2:45am
 
 my email address is apj_elfman@Yahoo.com
 
 HEY!! How is the moving going????  We have been having a severe heat/drought this summer.  Breaking all kind of records.  Temp higher than tuscan.  Seen my your e-mail address.  
 
 so I should get the keys in a couple hours
 
 so I should get the keys in a couple hours
 
 had some paperwork issues that held it from getting accomplished over the weekend.
 
 should get the keys today. 
 
 Still sick.  tired of it.
 
 How is the moving going????????
 
 Moving in time!!!  I did ask Kelly out library director who has done hiring for itt for librarys.  First place she goes to check about people is facebook and if their account is not secure and what is on their facebook.  She will not hire them. 
 
 give saundra a birthday hug for me.  The month got away with everything going on.  Will box up her present and get it in the mail tomorrow. Austin and a couple of his friends camped in the back field last week.  
 
 3-6 month 
 
 What size does Sophia wear????  
 
 Cool!!  austin and a couple of buddies are coming down to camp out and fishind tomorrow.
 
 just went for the weekend with my bowling league
 
 not anymore. I'm back at work
 
 Are you in Vegas?
 
 around a 3t but shes still tiny
 
 What size does Saundra wear now???
 
 Will start looking at fabric.  It would be fun to do one where every block is the same fabric but design of a block.
 
 Love you
 
 hmm..   different design in each block.  and as for colours
 
 I'm not sure.. kinda like my other one
 
 which had blue
 
 and red in it. and maybe some black for accents or something. (I'm bad at deciding stuff for me
 
 you know this. haha)
 
 A patchwork with all the same design in each block or a different design in each block. Same fabric or corridenting fabric.
 
 Any particular colors on your? 
 
 hmm.. \n\nMe- I don't know. just something. kinda old fashion style . like my old one.   \n\nSaundra- something pink
 
 and possibly 'princessy' (but I don't want Disney characters on it) just something exceedingly girly\n\nAdam- he likes blocks
 
 and patterns
 
 so if there is a quilt with 'boyish' colors that has like repeating blocks
 
 or if they have some quilt squares that have like building blocks on them
 
 he'll like that.\n\nSophia- well 
 
 she's a baby. so whatever you want. HAHA\n\nif you have time and want to  the other two..\n\nBilly-  boyish
 
 but extremely visibly different from Adams (they'll fight if they look similar)\n\nRene- Girly
 
 pink and/or purple
 
 but visibly different from Saundra's\n\n(the kids twin bed size) (mine a king bed size)\n\nand if you could pretty pretty please embroider (or something similar) their names on each of them
 
 that would be amazing\n\nAdam Pheonix  (or Adam)\nSaundra Priscilla (or Saundra)\nSophia Paige (or Sophi
 
 or Sophia)\nRene Marie (or Rene)\nWilliam Nicholas (or Billy)\n\nSorry... I know that's a lot...\n\nI love you and miss you guys
 
 we are going to see if we can get time to come up and visit. or bring you guys down here to visit. (hopefully money gets better soon
 
 things are tight currently)
 
 What kind would you like - color - size?
 
 mine finally died with big rips. and I wondered if you could make one for me and one for each of the kiddos. :)  possibly :)
 
 Am thinking about starting quilting with the senior in town this winter.\n
 
 Have not for a while.  Why do you want one?
 
 Hi :-)  I was wondering if you were still making quilts? :-)
 
 bowling only hurts my knee.  only running hurts my shins
 
 Be careful of your chins. Time to go to lunch. been very busy at the library today.
 
 I'm bowling on 3 leagues currently sothat helps
 
 Good luck.  I generally loose in the summer with all the gardening.
 
 I've got at least 17 more to go
 
 I'm only down to like 177
 
 so I've lost like 10ish pounds... but I'm nowhere near my goal. 
 
 Good for you.  Heep you healthy.  How are you doing on loosing weight?
 
 53$ total
 
 Just ordered 2 baskets from my coop
 
 a 2lb bag of organic granola
 
 and 5 loaves of 9 grain bread
 
 Now I am trying to learn new things.  next the spycam. 
 
 it has the possibility to run slower
 
 but I'm am just kind of old school. I like the wires
 
 makes me know I'm connected. lol
 
 not until I get a labtop but the boys will be happy to be able to get on the internet on the old computer.  Why don't you like wireless?
 
 I'm not a fan of wireless
 
 but it is convienent
 
 Nice.. bet that makes it easier. work at the kitchen table and stuff. :-)
 
 Austin has installed wireless internet at our house.  Bought a new printer that has a notebook with it.
 
 could be a temporary thing.  some kids just don't like green food. has she been tested for autism?
 
 they like fruits and veggies
 
 Saundra wont eat anything green  but they are associating that with her autism as a kind of sensory issue currently so we augment with lots of other veggies
 
 OK misunderstood.  Raw honey is much for you. Do the kids like the veggies?  I got the boys convinced that if it comes from grandma's garden it's good.  They are looking forwards to cucumbers. 
 
 each Bountiful Basket place gets their produce from whats around them so I get mine from Cali or Mexico (and mexican pineapples are yummy)
 
 they would just to the same thing we do here buy from local farmers etc... and do the baskets just like here
 
 Wonderful.  Post some pictures of the little ones also.  What do they get from Kansas?
 
 and Utah (and Utah gets Raw Honey you can order as an extra) I'm jealous
 
 and I found out they evn have a Bountiful baskets branch in Kansas. 
 
 THat was two saturdays ago
 
 I need to get the other pics on facebook
 
 but the produce from from either Califoria or Mexico from local farmers to keep costs down. so I like it
 
 garden is much further along than mine is.  I's jealous.
 
 That's great!!! Is this what you got this week.  Fresh veggie and blueberry (?) David
 
 Heres what one of the baskets from the coop that I'm doing looks like.\nThis was a light week
 
 we normally get a lot more. :)
 
 and I bowled a 254 on my bowling league on Saturday :D
 
 we had an ok weekend
 
 played at the park a lot. 
 
 Did you have a good holiday?  Got to see my grandma Schwartze old home and cousins.  Good thing Elvira and Dolores know their ways around. 
 
 I'm sorry.. and I'll try
 
 I think we will prolly go to the park or something. 
 
 Have a great Memorial Weekend!!!!  I will be leaving for MO. this afternoon for a funeral service of an Aunt of mind.  Not many of them left.
 
 ttyl.  Lots of work in the garden to do.
 
 Idea of cleaning is to using a shopvac in the house.  Throwing all kinds of clothes in the washer.  I have take everything out and short the laundry.  Makes more work for me.
 
 NEED someone to clean my house or a couple of raining days to keep me inside.  Your grandpa
 
 cleaning day. :)
 
 NIce cool day today.  Need rain terribly or I will be pulling hoses.  Have tendontis in my wrists so wearing a brace helps.
 
 nope
 
 Are you working today?
 
 yea
 
 Nikki (my babysitter/gf)
 
 Will you have someone to help watch the kids?
 
 still on schedule to move in July ya.   Hopefully it goes smoothly
 
 Still on schedule to move in July?  i like the videos of the kids.  Saundra and Adam have grown so much.  Miss you and them so much.  
 
 and I'm not sure what kind of camera
 
 but astin said it was pretty good
 
 (not as good as the schools but still good for him)
 
 I definately wont be out this summer
 
 I have a pretty hectic work schedule from June through like October
 
 YUMMy!!! I love sourdough bread.  I did not know that Allen got Austin a camera.  Do you know what kind??  Strawberry/gooseberry is really good.  Will you all be out or I could send you some.\n\n
 
 I'm getting some yummy  sourdough bread from the coop on Saturday 5 loaves for 10$.    yumm......strawberry-gooseberry\nYou hear Allen bought Austin a camera for school?
 
 Got tomato cages up.  Putting up strawberries - gooseberries - cherries.  Getting snow peas - shell peas - beets - lettuce and spinach from the garden.  New jam is strawberry gooseberry.  Very good.  Busy time.  Garden at the park tomorrow.  Doing landscape at the library.
 
 kids talk ed to marissa
 
 and colored her a mummy day card Im gonna mail out soon
 
 yup
 
 Did you have a good Mother's Day?
 
 fun*
 
 love you guys too
 
 have fuj
 
 Tools are all loaded and time to go. ttyl love you
 
 we do feed them too.
 
 It is.  We have lots to do to keep them busy.  Bought a lot of flowers for them to plant.  PLant to move and the list go on and on.
 
 That sounds l ike a bigger crowd than last year. :)
 
 we have 18 students coming to our flower to work today.  community service day. YEA
 
 Its yummy
 
 I went to school with the owners son
 
 Austin and I went to China Buffet on Sunday.  I can see why you both like it.
 
 Turned the furance back on yesterday.  Been pulling hoses to water the garden.
 
 Its still a little ways off till we move in so they dont really understand yet. we dont move in until July
 
 Susan Q. and I are giving a class on butterfly gardening tonight.
 
 thanks for the check.  How are the kiddo's?  Are you starting to excited about the house?
 
 thanks.
 
 i scheduled the money transfer yesterday
 
 so you guys should have the $3
 
000 in you raccount by like the 24th (ish)
 
 hi :D
 
 I am in the middle of a wonderul 12 hour work day. funtimes. haha  busy day all around then :)
 
 Worked 3 hours at our flower garden in town and now it is time to head to work until 8.  Busy day.
 
 yup
 
 Bet they slept good last night.
 
 It was good
 
 I only have a couple pictures
 
 Saundra was running around and playing
 
 adam wore a fake mustache and pink dora glasses. lol and they played in a bouncy castle
 
 How was the party??? Your Mom. the boys and Aunt Dolores was out for dinner.  Send some pictures please.
 
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :D
 
 I am sure that you are.    It's Grandpa's B-day today.  
 
 there shoudl be a couple pictures of Sophia on my page. I will try to get some more uploaded.. been busy around here
 
 I seen the picture of you and Sophia.  Send more of everyone! 
 
 are you able to see all the pictures of Sophia on my page?
 
 lol
 
 You were alway on the go - faster the better.  I tell your brothers that I would not unbuckle your seatbelt without holding onto your wrist.
 
 Sophia's doing good. already holding her head up and trying to crawl.. (odd
 
 and wayyyyy to fast 
 
 but hey... whatever works) lol
 
 we are all doing good
 
 and thank you :)
 
 Congrats and the new baby and new house!
 
 Hey! How are you and the family?
 
 HI! :D
 
 morning
 
 he's been good so far.  its a process
 
 and will be a little lengthy in the end... but... he's very proactive
 
 and we keep in contact almost daily
 
 so it will work out.
 
 so after the initial bit he paid... its 150$ a week with hand receipts
 
 he is responsible for any mechanical faults after the day he signed
 
 etc... etc...
 
 yes (but with payments)  I typed up a contract
 
 with specific guidelines
 
 and he agreed
 
 and signed and initialled so if he misses a total of 6 payments (or 4 consecutive) I reposess the car with out reimburment to him.
 
 The housing market has gotten to start going up. Has the car sold?
 
 probably not. looking like I may not have all the paperwork situated. so I will have to postpone the hearing. and Imma try to get a lawyer to appear for me instead
 
 its cheaper than driving up. but I have hit some money snags here... so I'm working on those
 
 Will you still be coming back in April?
 
 I looked at rentals... so when I leave TUcson
 
 I can rent the house for like 500-1000$ over my mortgage. haha
 
 Crazy weather.
 
 now its like 80 rofl
 
 is hailed and sleeted here yesterday lol
 
 The cole crops are coming up.  We have had a lot of rain in the last couple of days.
 
 he'll start in August but enrollment is now. lol
 
 When will his kindergarten start?
 
 we're all ok
 
 waiting on Adams birthcert to get mailed to me soI can finish enrolling him in Kindergarten
 
 Good luck!!! For the size of the house that is a heck of a deal.  How are you all?
 
 (not fond of the color of the counters
 
 or the vinyl siding... but... I like the overall house)
 
 http://www.flexmls.com/cgi-bin/mainmenu.cgi?cmd=url+other/run_public_link.html&amp;public_link_tech_id=wwnt8nv1tli&amp;s=12&amp;id=1&amp;cid=1  this is the house I am making an offer on
 
 my offer on my house should go through today
 
 (fingers crossed the sellers accept)
 
 Wait to see what they come up with.
 
 its prolly going to be stress fractures... so not really
 
 Hope they can do something to fix it.
 
 I am on a 6 month no running restriction and am setting up xrays
 
 I failed... but I am finally getting looked at for my shins
 
 How did your test go?
 
 Is this someone you know????  Grandpa will call you tonight.
 
 It looks like I sold the car again
 
 but I'm taking payments on it from the guy
 
 so I'm going to pay you guys back in three payments of about 1
 
000$ a month (if all goes well) (he is paying me like 450$ a month
 
 so I would cover the 550$ extra
 
 and make it up in the end from him.)\n\nThe good news is
 
 I am selling the car for 4500$ now. :D so I still get a little profit
 
 not much
 
 but its better than going in the hole...
 
 he knew the key stucksome times
 
 I showed him
 
 andhe  was with me when the ignition locked... so he knows I wasn't hiding anything
 
 so it wil get sold eventually
 
 and luckily the guy is still interested once its fixed
 
 What a bumber.
 
 ignition locked up
 
 i have to get  a locksmith to unlock it for me.  then play like 60(ish) fora  new ignition + labor. . Then i can sell it
 
 didn't sell the car
 
 yea
 
 the other really bare one
 
 grandpa wants to know what tire you replaced?  Is it the passenger rear?
 
 Sounds good!
 
 just waiting for them to get the money
 
 and me to replace the tyre
 
 Great!!!
 
 3800$
 
 sold the car
 
 just waiting on them to get the money so we can sign it over
 
 Good luck with losing the #s.  
 
 Have a great day!!!
 
 loveyo u too
 
 off to get ready for work
 
 Good!!! Luv you.
 
 doing insurance online tonight
 
 titled
 
 and tagged yesterday
 
 yup
 
 OK  Have you gotten your van yet!
 
 I wear one
 
 Be careful with your knees.  Have you thought about a knee brace while bowling?
 
 no. 
 
  Im going to look again tonight
 
 and if I can't find it
 
 I will just ppply for another one while I am in Ks
 
 I still have some time to get a larger vehicle
 
 but the sooner I find/get a title
 
 the better. 
 
 Have you found the title to the forrd?
 
 love you ttyl
 
 I am going to give you guys the $3
 
000 as soon as the Federal return comes in 
 
 but.. of course
 
 I got an email from them saying it is running slow on returns. haha but I filed 9 days ago
 
 so it shouldb epretty soon.
 
 We are looking forwards to seeing you. 
 
 OK. 
 
 nope
 
 I already have a place I'm staying. Thank you though. :)
 
 Do you all need a place to stay while you are in KS
 
 its a 1 owner and it was only used for kid transport. so Im gonna look at it
 
 its only 1300 so the money I save will help offset gas initially and let me buy a small crappy car to get to and from work and bowling and get better gas mileage
 
 yes didnt know was one onmer but iknow the need for space but there are mini vans yes remember the econoline is probably v8  so9-14 mpg   100 140 TANK FULL BUT IS A 1 OWNER YOUR CALL
 
 did you get the car link I sent?
 
 I have to go to the DMV when I get in town anyways. 
 
 I may have taken it
 
 I am not sure. I will look more when I get home. dont worry about it yet. 
 
 philip i have turned this place upside down and also made two trips to bank sd box  and empty the box out looking for your title  i iam going to dmv to see what amounts to for dup. ihave lost a 
 
1
 
 bill before.but not very much. ijust dont understand this i am better than this.
 
 here is one that I'm looking at
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2800288518.html
 
 I'll get the link to it
 
 hmm  let me look
 
 i can get the link
 
 its 136K miles and a 92 Ecoline
 
 Grandpa wants to know what was the info on the van?
 
 Love you and looking forward to seeing you.
 
 OK
 
 I looked a little last night 
 
 didn't get much time. and I'm at work so I'll look some more when I get home. I'm trying to get the house situated for the sitter for when I'm in Ks. 
 
 Have you found the title  Grandpa has looked everywhere here.
 
 I've been talking to the family that owns it and they were the first owners.
 
 and the van gets between 15-18 on average and has good reviews.
 
 the van is in Az so I wouldn't be doing that. 
 
 check consumer guide on the van/year/etc.  To drive on from az. to ks. would be expensive
 
 I'm not driving that van-beast everywhere. lol
 
 I will eventually get a little crappy car as a 'me' car so I can drive to and from work and bowling and that will save gas money
 
 mini vans would be less for gas.
 
 but since I am getting ready to buy a house
 
 I dont have the ability to buy a new car
 
 I wont be able to afford it. 
 
 I dont have a choice
 
  I need a larger vehicle so I have been looking at minivans also
 
 
 
 that size van will be 12 mpgand the price of gas will only go up.  Grandpa says you will be pbuying a big headache.
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/2800288518.html looking at this one. 
 
 I will be either trading in the ford or selling it
 
 ttyl 
 
 I'm looking at a van now. 
 
 OK will check ttyl
 
 I wasn't sure if he let me take it. thats why I asked
 
 Grandpa will go to the safe deposit box to check.
 
 I have to go to the DMV while I'm there since they say that my tags are expired. lol I got pulled over in Utah because my tags came up expired
 
 but I had the receipt so I was ok and didn't get a ticket. 
 
 I'm good
 
  I guess I put it somewhere then. 
 
 Need a place to stay????
 
 You took it with you.?????
 
 I forgot 
 
 do you guys have the title to the Ford?
 
 yea. 
 
 I am not moving much over to the new computer - e-mail addresses and pictures.  Will you be driving to Ks?
 
 I am going to be in town from the 2nd - 10th of Febuary trying to finalize my divorce so I will stop by with your guys's $3K that should help with the remodeling. :) 
 
 have you moved all of your stuff over from the old one yet? or ddi you need any of it?
 
 you got a new one?
 
 spent the morning setting up a new computer.
 
 got it to the point of painting.  will put off putting in the shower door for a while and use a shower curtain.  lots of fun
 
.  just keeps on giving more projects to do
 
 TONS OF FUN
 
 sound slike way to much fun
 
 Tearing down sheetrock to put in a new shower. 
 
 its 9.5 hours to the meeting point.
 
 How long of a drive?  Bet you missed them.
 
 I get the little ones back on Friday
 
 I have to go pick them up
 
 Did go see War Horse - was a good movie.
 
 Miss you and the little ones.
 
 it was ok
 
 Hope you had a great Christmas
 
 FUN&gt;&gt;FUN  Would love to have some pictures and will do the same here.  
 
 You have a happy thanksgiving too. I'll try and take pictures tomorrow and post them. .. 5 kids in the house tomorrow
 
 and 5 or 6 adults
 
 and a couple teens. haha
 
 Have a Happy Thanksgiving!  Will miss you and the kids.  Glad we had the time with you this summer.  Working till 1:00 today.
 
 not really
 
 Will your base being some specials for veteran's day?
 
 got to go.  lluv you guys
 
 I did mine
 
 and a friend of mine did adams
 
 and saundra's hair
 
 hey!!! Love the halloween pictures.  Did you do the makeup?
 
 miss you and love you too.  I'll try and get more pictures of the kids loaded to facebok
 
 Miss you and the kids. love you.
 
 Have vacation time to use before the end of the year.
 
 OK.  Let us know if you find out anything.
 
 so I have no clue
 
 Now they don't think I will be going. 
 
 Have you found out when your training will be????
 
 I am going to send you the whole 3
 
000 from Taxes
 
 I don't have any spare money yet
 
 so I am just going to send you all of it at once
 
 Hey Phillip!  Is the forecast in the KC Star correct that Tucson is only supposed to get into the  70's today.  Hate to bug you but about the car payments.  
 
 Have been tempted to turn the heat on.  Put another blanket on the bed.
 
 haha
 
 Its like 94 here
 
 In the fifties here today. Crazy Ks. weather.
 
 No TV!  Oh no.  That is bad.  The SD demo was at the Art in the Park in Lawrence.  There were lot of little fairy princess outfits.  Got a serger so will need to start sewing again.
 
 The storm knocked out power to over 15
 
000 people
 
 nope. they were fine
 
 they were just annoyed that the TV was broke
 
 That was hot.  Did it scare the kids?
 
 sounds like fun. a storm knocked our power out at the house for about 24 hours over the weekend. lol
 
 Hey:  fall is here and went SD Sat - Sun am-sunday plus and tonight we will help with SD lessons.  
 
 WONDERFUL!!  Let us know the time and we will be there.  Can't wait.  Love you guys.
 
 i don't know they times yet
 
 but I will send you the time once I get it.  It  will be probably around 5 or later Saturday evening..
 
 I'm alright
 
 just tyring to leave. haha  Tired of England
 
 yes I'm at work
 
 Adam is in 4T and Saundra is 6 months- 2 years. lol (she's tiny so it depends)
 
 Been running everyday since I failed my fitness test. Adam got a hair cut the other day. I have two assignments for college due tonight and then work stuff.
 
 thank you
 
 happy valentines day to you to
 
 I just got done doing some cleaning and I have to get up early to take the kids to the babysitters. I love you all and miss you\n\nPhillip
 
 thank you
 
 I told him already
 
 Please tell the Mr
 
 I am sorry for the message 
 
 and that it wasn't intended fo ryou
 
 Thanks
 
 My best wishes for a long lasting and happy marriage. :)
 
 congrats on the New last name girly
 
 K
 
 and I didn't mean anything by it
 
 I am sorry
 
 I didn't mean to send that to you. 
 
 sorry
 
 thats just normal vocabulary for me
 
 I never mean anything by that. I just wanted to apologize for my message the other day
 
 you are one name away from my gf on my friends list. 
 
 Plz dont call me hun
 
 hey hun...
 
 I am sorry about this 'easrly morning"
 
 Wow... Wrong nikki
 
 I am so sorry. My gf is nikki sepulveda.\nI am sorry
 
 What the hell?
 
 I love you babe.. forever and ever and ever........ \n
 
 Yea i know
 
 you're pretty lucky thus far then HAHA. I hope it stays that way for you. 
 
 I know but still haven't had any drama 
 
 just the military's 'way' of doing things. lol I didn't mean anything about you guys. lol
 
 There is no drama?
 
 lol
 
 so you likeing the military drama yet?
 
 good to hear. :-)
 
 Yup still going great
 
 Hope everything is still going good for you and the Mr. :-D
 
 fun********
 
 ttyl hun have fu
 
 It's not that he selling it cuz it kept dieing on him and if it kept dieing and its not ground cable then its something....you my pay 800 for but you probably going to have to 3000 to fix it up and I would have ask a mechanic  to look at it before you bought...but I'm getting off so Derrick can get on and play my game
 
 car has almost no body damage
 
 the soft top is in amazing condition
 
 no rust
 
 the engine has a new carbarator kit
 
 fuel injector
 
 and starter... 
 
 I didn't even haggle him on price. lol see.... I'm nice. ;)
 
 but this kid didnt have a clue
 
 and I dont mind taking advantage of it. HAHA
 
 Imma get a tune up after Thursday to see what else is wrong
 
 but I starting it up
 
 let it run for  abit
 
 and drove it away. 
 
 (meaning it wouldn't start because of not having a ground for the battery)
 
 not really
 
 he told me it didn't start. and needed a ground cable
 
 Idk if the sold it for 800 its for a reason...
 
 so that is my main purpose for it
 
 is since Cadi's are getting popular again
 
 to fix it up enough to still hit a decent profit when reselling it
 
 me either
 
 but I picked it up for like 800$ it runs
 
 MINIMAL body damage. so its a pretty easy flip for profit
 
 hehe
 
 Kool don't really like them
 
 I bought a cadillac lol
 
 Hey
 
 aloha deary
 
 :)
 
 Well everything is fine and that's why I'm marrying cuz he makes sure I'm taken care of first and makes sure I'm happy
 
 if it ever seems like I'm prying just let me know
 
 ok? I just like to make sure people I konw are taken care of
 
 and everything is giong ok
 
 or... if its not going ok
 
 if there is something I can possibly do to help
 
 Ok
 
 haha. I dont know hun
 
 I was just checking. lol Sorry I get bored
 
 while I'm at work
 
 and you happened to be online. so I was curious. lol I wasn't trying to pry or anything like that. :)
 
 Why would we not be amazing? He kinda overseas so there really never any fights....
 
 ?  what?
 
 Umm yea...
 
 good. you and the Mr still amazing?  (hope so)
 
 Yup
 
 havin fun
 
 I just meant all my friends
 
 physically and financially. you know me hun. I may be 'odd' but I'm harmless and I do care
 
 Oh you don't have to worry about me any more....Derrick takes great care of me now
 
 ok
 
 sorry
 
 just chekcing. I am a little over bearing at times
 
 but I like to make sure my friends are taken care of
 
 Yes
 
 you guys doing ok on money and everything?
 
 nice. 
 
 Still planning it and its going great....I got my baby bed yesterday and I forgot how great it was to sleep in it....also it smells like him....so I had the best sleep
 
 I'm out of the loop in Arizona. HAHA
 
 i forgot... you still planning the wedding
 
 or did it already happen?
 
 hows your day going?
 
 I'm keeping tab of them all
 
 ok
 
 comment on my wall the nissan. 
 
 derrick said get the zx their not bad cars and yes we are good 
 
 check out those cars. :) 
 
 o ya i now right 
 
 So you two are good? I'm happy for you dear. and I've been good keeping comments jokes to myself. (I know you wouldn't get offended
 
 but you said he was protective)
 
 haha have fun with that. 
 
 just tryin to get his stuff out to move into our place 
 
 you should get on my wall and vote on which of the three cars you like better.. I'm going to buy one of them for my second car (gas saver)
 
 good dealing
 
 bad dealing?
 
 o fine just dealin with my fiance roomate
 
 hows my lil pocket mexican doing?
 
 hey girly
 
 Mwah! ;) lol
 
 lol I feel you there hun
 
 yea i wish there was none in my life but i know that will never happen
 
 you know I'm harmless
 
 but I hate drama. 
 
 or at least I will try. 
 
 lol deal 
 
 ok.. I will still tone it down from how I was a year or so ago. lol deal? (pocket mexican) ;) hehe
 
 he is not a crazy jealous just the type that wants to know how i know you and are we friends but not the whole hunt you down and beat you up type
 
 no...lol he knows i won't and will never leave him
 
 so even jealous he wouldn't like hunt me down?
 
 yup but i love it he don't get mad or anything just ask questions
 
 oh he is?
 
 yes cuz he is the jealous type
 
 even if I'm a little too much to handle a lot of the time. but I guess i better start being good since you are gonna get hitched. ;) rofl 
 
 yup thanks
 
 I come in handy as a friend occasionally. ;)  hehe
 
 nice
 
 I'm glad I could help. :)   
 
 45 for hair and makeup for me
 
 whats she charging
 
 :) hehe I feel special
 
 yup sammy going to do it
 
 :)
 
 ?
 
 you figure out your hair deary
 
 hope she can help out
 
 she just reactivated it like 5 minutes ago. lol and everything goes to her phone
 
 I just talked to her a minute ago so she will beexpecting ur call :)
 
 Oh ok thanks
 
 if you wanted to message her.
 
 apparently she just reactivated her FB. 
 
 http://www.facebook.com/#!/SammyRoland
 
 hope the wedding goes off without a hitch :D
 
 I hope it works out for you
 
 looks like you have like 3 people to choose from now. :)  sounds like you are set
 
 I dont knwo that much about what she does
 
 I just know that she does hair and is in school for it
 
 so I was assuming it would be pretty cheap.. 
 
 I hope that she can help you
 
 and is in your price range. 
 
 913 240 5300 Her name is Sammy Roberts
 
 Oh ok
 
 she isnt' really talking to me currently
 
 but just txt or call her and say you heard that she did people hair and you were wondering about infomation k?  even if she isn't talking to me I dont want her to lose out on business if I can help it. :)
 
 Yes plz
 
 She's going to school for hair
 
 so it should be decently cheap
 
 because I believe that she has to get a certain number of hours and people as part of the schooling. would you like her cell number?  
 
 Yea same here...I can't wait for his r and r 
 
 I'm gla dyou finally got a good one lol
 
 Lol 
 
 okey dokey.  not a worry with me
 
 My family knows tho
 
 Yea he is amazing. His name is Derrick Spencer. Don't tell anyone yet cuz he is over in Kuwait and he wants to tell his family and friends....
 
 oh really
 
 to who? and is this one better than the others?
 
 Hey....its going...getting engaged...
 
 hows everything in your world?
 
 Hey hun
 
 whats up?  what did you need to talk about? I'm available for messaging on here if it will help at all.
 
 well
 
 there is internet
 
 phone sex
 
 and imagination. lol joking hun. I am glad that things are looking better for you.
 
 good i spent the whole weekend with justin.....it was a blast....then i had to take him to the airport and i cryed....i wish he never left....but only 4 more months and he will be out of there.....so i can't wait
 
 hows life?
 
 https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/bring-our-kids-back-to-their-family\n\nMarissa won't return the kids to me
 
 please read this and share the link
 
 this is the first tine she's had the kids really since i left England.
 
 what have you been up to?
 
 hey girly
 
 hey sexy
 
 hey sexy
 
 hey gorgeous :D
 
 hola
 
 :P
 
 :P
 
 how have you been sexy?
 
 u 2
 
 happy new year hun MWAH!
 
 :P hey sexy
 
 hey gorgeous
 
 hey sexy
 
 bet if I told you I wont the lotto you'd talk to me  huh? lol
 
 $$ sstil bad?
 
 hey girly
 
 money still crappy?
 
 hows everything going?
 
 good evening
 
 Hey hun
 
 you online?
 
 hey gorgeous
 
 hey girly
 
 whered you go?
 
 you there?
 
 andI could help that last one possibly ;) hehehe
 
 Jus is
 
 why?
 
 Shit shit shit
 
 life
 
 love
 
 $$?
 
 how are you doing hun?
 
 Hi
 
 hola
 
 good evening hun
 
 hey hun
 
 good afternoon
 
 hows the weather over there hun
 
 good evening hun
 
 you rollin in the moneys yet? ;) lol
 
 I'm bored..
 
 hey hun
 
 hola hun
 
 hey girly... 
 
 hey sexy
 
 hey sexy
 
 :P
 
 you figure out what you want yet?
 
 Nop
 
 u get your tattoo yet deary?
 
 so you're single again? ;) hehe jk
 
 Na
 
 bf still?
 
 Gd
 
 lol been awhile since we talked deary. how have youb een?  other than your back hurting. ;)
 
 Sux
 
 hows the burn doin hun?
 
 hey girl
 
 hey hun
 
 hey girly
 
 why did you think I wanted to come over and visit? lol
 
 and I wanna come back to england and chill and drink and whatnot because its been awhile 
 
 I miss england
 
 and we never went out and drank. lol 
 
 ok
 
 just checking..
 
 No
 
 you didn't think that was the point of me offering fo ryou to come visit did you?
 
 lol
 
 Nooooo so :P
 
 did I say I was trying to get you here to sleep wit?
 
 lol
 
 but it would be hella cheaper than you both payin
 
 Lol
 
 I'd prolly only be able to pay for one
 
 
 
 well hell
 
 bring him too. 
 
 Coz my fella
 
 why not?
 
 Lol prob nt
 
 how does that sound? you eventually comin to visit
 
 once I get the pool and bbq installed
 
 Ye
 
 you finally back? :D
 
 ok
 
 Brb
 
 hows that sound?
 
 Lol
 
 once I get my pool and my custom bbq
 
 maybe you can get over here and come visit. lol
 
 Ya
 
 O ryt
 
 " have I shown you my house I'm buying?"
 
 because I do plan on coming back to visit when I can afford it
 
 hows that sound?
 
 Lol
 
 well
 
 I gotta get some moneys
 
 get out to see you
 
 drink it up
 
 and maybe you can 'convince' me to buy you a tattoo. HAHA
 
 One lyf one chance on 1 arm and every fin happenes 4 a reason
 
 what tattoo do you have in mind you want to get?
 
 for if I get the money and we go out and chill and drink. :)
 
 Hey hun
 
 so did you have any particular tattoo in mind?
 
 any tattoo in mind that you wanna get?
 
 haha so you gonna go out and drink with me then? rofl lol
 
 Lol I ant gt 1 n realli wan 1 so u can do dat lol
 
 I dont think you or the bf would complain too terrible much if I got bored and paid for you to get another tattoo. rofl
 
 sound like a plan?
 
 Well
 
 whenever I'm back in town
 
 I'll look you up and I'll take you
 
 or you and him out to drink. and if you get me pissed enough
 
 I might get bored and pay for tattoos. lol
 
 I can't be that bad
 
 can I? rofl
 
 Lol
 
 rofl
 
 does everyone tend to think I'm a horrible asshole that is out to destroy everything?
 
 Lol
 
 lol protective. lol 
 
 Ya lol
 
 with an old friend coming to visit
 
 and paying for you to go out and drink or whatnot? (not tryin to sleep wit u)
 
 I dnt fink my fella wud b happi wid dat
 
 so what are we doing?
 
 lol one way or another I will get back over there to visit
 
 I miss ENgland (oddly enough)
 
 Lmai 
 
 soo.. when I win the Lottery
 
 and/or when I come visit
 
 what are we doing?
 
 hey hun
 
 :)
 
 Hey hun
 
 hows work?
 
 :P
 
 hows everything going hun?
 
 evening dear
 
 Hows work?
 
 hey hun
 
 hey hun
 
 hey girly
 
 Hows work?
 
 So 
 
 if I make it back to England for holiday
 
 or if I get stationed there again
 
 you up for going out and partying?
 
 I can't believe lil ole' you got a job. haha
 
 ok
 
 well get online later hun
 
 it would be nice to catch up. Mwah! talk to you later. :)
 
 Cnt realli speak I at work
 
 how have you been dear
 
 ok
 
 you just haven't been very talkative to me recently
 
 so I was just checking. we both know how my mouth it. lol so I was checking
 
 No
 
 did I say something to piss you off?
 
 hey girl
 
 Hey hun
 
 hows England.?
 
 Been awhile
 
 hope all it going well with you.
 
 :P
 
 How was England's Christmas?
 
 boo
 
 hey woman
 
 boo!
 
 aloha girly
 
 :P
 
 hey girly
 
 you having a wonderful week?
 
 hey woman
 
 thats good to hear. I'm glad that TIlly's worked out and that Lizle settled down
 
 and is happy
 
 ya dey gd
 
 you and michaela are the only ones that still talk to me. so I'm just curious if the other two are doing ok
 
 so the other two doing good?
 
 ya it sux
 
 you're the only single one left. \n
 
 you keep sayin that. I dont believe you. lol
 
 lol no
 
 so you two getting married yet? lol
 
 gd i got a job finally so jus savein 2 go 2 c troy 
 
 Hows
 
 life
 
 love
 
 and booze?
 
 Good afternoon dear
 
 :P
 
 BOOOOOO!
 
 Lol
 
 suuuure
 
 No 1
 
 so who's the new flavor of the month?
 
 Lol
 
 Meany*
 
 Mwany
 
 Ye
 
 awwww (run away)
 
 Arrrrr
 
 Boo!\n
 
 well dear
 
 I'm off to lunch
 
 so I'll be back on in a bit.. talk toyou then. Mwah!
 
 Neva lol
 
 boo. lol soo when you having kids like everyone else
 
 Still single n lovin it
 
 Lol
 
 hows the bf? or you still singlin it up?
 
 they are good
 
 a pain in the arse
 
 but good
 
 Hws da kids
 
 Every fin gd kitten a lil shit lol
 
 Hows life
 
 love
 
 drinking and Kitty?
 
 lol
 
 Hows life
 
 love
 
 drinking
 
 and kitty?
 
 Hi
 
 Hey woman
 
 :P
 
 You online hun?\nSo
 
 we have tequila
 
 vodka
 
 jameson
 
 and peach snapps for this weekend. what else do we need to finish all the bottles this weekend between you and me? :D
 
 love the outfit. :)
 
 ooga booga
 
 What are you doing this weekend? \nWant some 'company'? ;) lol
 
 hi wud it b ite if i bring a m8 2 urs 2moz hes kl he ant a douche
 
 http://tours.tourbuzz.net/public/vtour/display/4707?a=1 here is a virtual tour. lol
 
 Boooooo!
 
 i dunno gonna c wa every1 else is doin
 
 Sorry :P soo you comin over? lol
 
 booooooo
 
 My vodka. :P the only way you can get it is if you come over and drink on Saturday. :P
 
 sorry. You should skype me later
 
 How are you and Troy doing?
 
 ;)
 
 But I did find it funny that that is what she said. lol\n\nI really am not trying to start drama
 
 and I apologize. \n\nBut it was nice to chill with you and Tilly. \n\nAt least I kept the chat and emails
 
 so you know I was not lying.\n\nPhillip
 
 I'm removing you from this account as well. \nIf you want to talk
 
 just message me
 
 but I will not message you first.\n\nPhillip
 
 well. ;) figure it out. lol
 
 I put
 
 " I miss her" on your wall
 
 and she posted on it
 
 that I shouldn't post on her friends wall.
 
 wa r u on bout
 
 according to Lizle you aren't my friend
 
 so I can't post on your wall. So I apologize.  Hope all is going well.
 
 I wasnt discrediting anyone.  You dont post that kind of stuff on facebook.  And there is wayyyyyy more to the story than what she is telling.  When you post things like that it gets passed on and can result in even bigger problems.  Her email goes straight to her phone
 
 so if he can see the post on her phone from facebook then he can see the emails.  So why would you tell people to email you if you dont want him to see it?  Alot of people have gotten hurt in one way or another because of these two and I dont want to see anyone else get in it.  If she truly needs help her mother will help her
 
 guaranteed!
 
 I agree that Facebook is not the place. and I agree that you know more of the situation than I do. I also agree that the story is only told from her side
 
 I just wanted to make sure that you were not under the misconception that you can discredit everything someone says.
 
 Im her sister-in-law and I get to deal with the drama daily.  Kryssy has taken a wrong turn in life.  She has people she can call
 
 her mother is constantly going to pick her up or bail her out.  Yes she needs to get away from this guy
 
 but its not as cut and dry as Kryssy makes it sound.  And Facebook is not the place to post your problems.
 
 I have no idea what is going on there
 
 I have been in England for 3 years
 
 all I know is that you cannot assume anything
 
 Even if you know that the person is full of shit
 
 you can never assume that everything is a lie
 
 Barkin up the wrong tree dude.   I know exactly what Im talking about
 
 maybe you should too.
 
 Jenny
 
 if this is happening to her
 
 you have no place to talk. and even if it isn't
 
 assuming that she is lying is no better.\n\nIf she is lying
 
 then she will pay for it. BUT.... you cannot assume that she is full of shit
 
 as you risk not helping someone when they need it.  \n\nAnd if the church is giving out money and food and she is exploiting them
 
 then that  is between her
 
 the church
 
 and any deity that she looks towards. \n\nI am hoping that all of your comments were just bad jokes.\n\nPHillip
 
 whats up?
 
 darn... I was going to start a multiplayer map and giv eyou the address so we could play online together. 
 
 not really 
 
 do you play minecraft?
 
 I'm bored... 
 
 ok
 
 I'm at work so I have to wait till his ass wakes up and gets online tofigur out what the costume he just ordered was
 
  sure
 
 or at least give me a possible round estimate for cost? :D
 
 for a female costume
 
 could you make something if I got the character
 
 measurements etc.. and a picture of him?
 
 or more
 
 this costume I'm making
 
 I spent 100 on supplies alone
 
 and its turning out good
 
 so it will probably be around 150 
 
 supplies and a little extra. for me it depends on time/how well the cosplay looks. i mean if i'm not happy with it
 
 I won't charge as much. 
 
 what are you charging?  My gf's brother is starting to get into cosplay (for female characters from animes
 
 etc..)
 
 oh i am
 
 how are you and the mr? still good? :-)
 
 start charging. lol
 
 i'm starting to paint shoes and shirts and make costumes for other people
 
 crazy busy
 
 so how is everything in Onna wed's world? and in Bryonna's world?
 
 :)
 
 2 prisons
 
 and two different groups of people that make up majority of the population that dont have an issue going to jail. HAHA
 
 yea they really should. too many prisons
 
 too easy for someone to put them in jail
 
 needless to say... they aren't welcome
 
 our biker and vet population is high enough that they pretty  much keep their distance. lol
 
 they did go to LV a couple times. 
 
 its funny how westboro church is like right here in kc (im in kc for the summer) and yet they never come to lv...
 
 cool
 
 score one for humanity
 
 -1 for westboro church HAHA
 
 :)
 
 hey girly.. look at my wall. new photo
 
 I think you will get a kick out of. 
 
 good to hear
 
 and at least your internship isn't hell like some of the college kids get stuck with
 
 he and i are fine
 
 a bit boring at times
 
 the internship is nice
 
 and you and the mr?
 
 hey girly
 
 ows the internship?
 
 hey gorgeous :)
 
 sure
 
 lol I wanna see everything when you are done. :D
 
 lol its not due til friday i gotta draw the statue
 
 any luck on your essay?lol
 
 See. :) Ringtailed lemur
 
 standing on tail :D
 
 Hmmm that might actually work. Simple yet still symbolic
 
 and only thrived in that region. and mostly because they were outhunted in the rest of the world
 
 there you go on natural selection
 
 due to the fact that all 88 species of lemurs are native to madagascar
 
 http://animals.howstuffworks.com/mammals/lemurs-live-in-madagascar.htm
 
 there lol got u ur answer hehe
 
 okey dokey
 
 Yea
 
 you and the Mr ok?
 
 Lol sure
 
 fun fun fun
 
 I'm designing avatar themed pillows for sale
 
 just fine? lol
 
 It's fine
 
 hows everything going?
 
 Lol
 
 up yup yup :)
 
 Psh no
 
 uh huuuuuuuh :P
 
 Ha! I'm not sexy
 
 how my sexy lil cosplay girly doin?
 
 Hello
 
 :D
 
 just feel blah
 
 whyso?
 
 eh
 
 hows life for the Bryonna?
 
 hi
 
 morning.. I'm bored...
 
 its posted on my wall check it out. :D
 
 sweet
 
 they accepted my offer
 
 i got a house. woooo
 
 lol
 
 ill just post it up
 
 :P
 
 :'(
 
 y not? :"(
 
 no
 
 lol
 
 you should take some and email them to me ;) yummy yummy yummy
 
 well i ahvent taken any
 
 lol I wanna pic of that. :D\n
 
 but i have a superman bikini i thought about wearing it with my wig
 
 hahaha! no
 
 I think that would be hot!
 
 hmm... if only you would do like 'riskee' photo shoots in your cosplay costumes... like a supergirl shoot that slowly turns into a lingerie shoot. lol
 
 lol
 
 good
 
 I thought Supergirl left us. ;)
 
 and now im back
 
 brb
 
 h/o i need to restart my computer sorry
 
 :D
 
 hows work? school? etc....
 
 :)
 
 haha
 
 and they dont get pissed at me for talking to people lol
 
 :) 
 
 plus his friends are still cool
 
 lol
 
 he'll get over it
 
 :)
 
 smack! lol
 
 now im just laughing
 
 i was really pissed
 
 yea
 
 lol
 
 wow... 
 
 its kinda amusing
 
 lol
 
 he got pissed at me for talking to his friends
 
 haha
 
 just some dick that is playing guy politics which i dont understand and hes like pissed at me for no damn reason. apparently this guy is dramatic. as said by his friends and i can tell
 
 alex is fine now
 
 lol   well it aint me .:D  hehe
 
 some other dick
 
 no
 
 alex?
 
 oh getting yelled at by a dick
 
 what have you been up to?
 
 im sorry
 
 :/
 
 i am unbelievably bored..... ^_^
 
 hi
 
 hey girly..
 
 im sry hun
 
 andlike i said
 
 i asnt glador anything like that
 
 just trying to get all the info. :)
 
 i was going to break up with him. but he broke up with me over facebook of all things. because i dont spend every spare moment with him. and now he is upset because i am not begging him to come back or saying "what can i change in myself to please you" -_-; and its annoying me. and then hurting me because i know i am hurting him. i mean i still love him. but i dont want to date him. mainly because i dont feel like hes dating me anymore
 
 I was just asking
 
 nothing more. You two have been together for a long time so j was just checking in on you dear..
 
 why do you sound so pleased about this
 
 U two finally break up?
 
 kk Mwah love ya
 
 have fun in class dear
 
 bryonna_pitts@hotmail.com
 
 whats your email?
 
 well you can email me. i get those on my phone
 
 hmm can you txt an email address?
 
 so you'd have to text it to me.
 
 its not as bad as it sounds.. and for me its odd
 
 its a helping thing
 
 not a controlling thing... 
 
 i actually have to go to class.
 
 people I know
 
 or that need money
 
 or.. i can explain more in depth if you want
 
 and not just random people. 
 
 but buy 'time' with people
 
 not buy 'for' people
 
 so i will be fine
 
 i have about $4000 to last me until may
 
 its something I've come to realize since me and Nikki have been together (well at least define)
 
 oh how you try to buy everything for me
 
 about 'purchasing'?
 
 um... idk
 
 kk
 
 sorry
 
 I've told you about my weird fetish haven't I?
 
 im fine
 
 car still holding up?
 
 im happier
 
 how you doing on money?  
 
 dont be
 
 I'm sorry hun. 
 
 that well huh?
 
 he hasn't talked to me since saturday morning
 
 -_-;
 
 how ar eyou and alex doing?
 
 lol haha fine then girly
 
 cuz hes never been to ks for one
 
 you dont know him
 
 what if i dont want to tell you
 
 lmfao   Its not like I'm in Ok to scare him deary
 
 a guy
 
 anyways... whos the new interest?
 
 its to the 'sad me point' I'd compensate you :) hehe  rofl
 
 no
 
 for a nigth.. or two. hehe
 
 'anything' I can do to change your mind? :)
 
 but what about me? :)
 
 told you to get over it
 
 lol
 
 :'(
 
 what?
 
 ?
 
 besides i found someone else im interested in
 
 thats good :)
 
 If there is one thing you know about me
 
 its that I'm harmless. :)
 
 that you're kidding
 
 good
 
 lmfao jk jk
 
 we shall see miss missiness. :P
 
 too bad lol
 
 but I donnnn wanna. :P
 
 lol
 
 get over it bub
 
 lol
 
 :'(
 
 lol
 
 no
 
 hehehe rofl
 
 and I wanna quick like bunny you ;) LMFAO
 
 u quick like bunny
 
 lol aww thanks
 
 still trying to get Nikki to figure out what she wants to go as
 
 (we need to start working onthe costumes) its in July and I'm not as 'fast" and amazing as you are. :P
 
 :)
 
 repo mwahhaha
 
 i see the photo
 
 yes?
 
 (hopefully it pops up
 
 looky
 
 hehe
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?q=REPO+comic+con+outfit&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=X&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=829&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=imvns&amp;tbnid=a-1PoVjQx7y6IM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.terrancezdunich.com/blog/%3Fp%3D2053&amp;docid=JTYQX4a0yWt7tM&amp;imgurl=http://www.terrancezdunich.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/REPO_ComicCon2009_fans-480x360.jpg&amp;w=480&amp;h=360&amp;ei=EFZGT6aYFMTSiALMsoDbDQ&amp;zoom=1
 
 lol
 
 perhaps
 
 can you see me as REPO?
 
 contemplating Repo-man
 
 since it was based on a graphic novel. lol
 
 yourself
 
 no clue what Imma be. 
 
 cool :)
 
 hehe me and my gf are going to the next comicon that comes through Tucson area
 
 aloha
 
 ohh. lol   sounds fun. lol
 
 oh im doing hw
 
 Ok
 
 do you want me to let you be for awhile hun?
 
 not right now
 
 Which your day was better. anything I can do?
 
 theres my girl
 
 oahhhh :'(  okey dokey Mwah talk to you later
 
 I'm in class
 
 hey kinky woman
 
 well I'm here if you want to vent deary. 
 
 no
 
 about wat? or is it frustration due to a 'lack' of something?
 
 well ... just really frustrated
 
 wats up babe
 
 oh im just tired and a little frustrated
 
 smile sexy woman. :D hehe
 
 txt me
 
 I'm leaving work. Mwah babe
 
 I would prolly be a lil bit upset i fyou said no
 
 because I do want to be intimate with you and close to you. and once would be enough
 
 and ok with me
 
 I would not pressure for more
 
 I would never tell alex
 
 and like I said
 
 condoms are a duh
 
 so you dont have to worry about kids. :) mwah
 
 But would you respect me I said no and wanted to remain faithful to Alex? Would still be my friend if I wouldn't sleep with you? And like I keep coming back to
 
 what if one time is just not enough? What if you confront alex about it..... And then what if something happens.. I don't want children now is what I'm saying.. 
 
 and one time would be enough for me
 
 because it would allow us to connect on a different level
 
 and still be close friends
 
 so I would understand things you are going through.  One time would be enough for me
 
 and I would respect if you didn't want to after that
 
 and if you decided you wanted to again
 
 I would respect that as well. 
 
 and i will do whatever it takes so you know I'm sincere
 
 keep asking dear
 
 I will answer anything. 
 
 You sound sincere but how do I know you are? And why would one time be enough for you? These are just thoughts that are popping up in my head. 
 
 I would not try to steal you from alex
 
 and I do want to be your best friend
 
 and I would be ok with just once
 
 unless you wanted more times later
 
 but I wouldn't ask for anything intimate with you again..  I would love you once
 
 and us to have intimate time together
 
 and then I would be the best friend that you can come to if you were upset or anything else.  but I wouldn't try to steal you away.
 
 Ok then
 
 so why do you want to get with me just one time? It sounds either like you want to be my best friend
 
 or steal me away from Alex. Do you not think Alex feels the same way about me that you do? Is it fair to him this way? And if you do get me
 
 would one time really be enough for you? Or would you keep coming back trying to get more?
 
 but you are one that I have known for awhile. I like you
 
 I'm attracted to you
 
 I love talking to you
 
 you make me laugh
 
 and as for attractive
 
 intelligent women.. hun that doesnt happen that often
 
 and I am socially awkward so the fact that I have known you  for a couple years helps me be more open with you. thats why.   You are gorgeous
 
 smart
 
 and I'm comfortable with you. :)
 
 But I mean
 
 why? You're in a relationship. Granted an open relationship. But I'm in a relationship too. And yes I get frustrated but that's like every relationship. So basically
 
 why me? And I still remember what you said to that yesterday
 
 but there other girls like me
 
 and any time alone
 
 and intimate with you that I can get
 
 I would love. :)
 
 Ok good that you know
 
 I just want to help :)
 
 I know dear. Mwah
 
 Alex does want me
 
 you dont have my sympathy
 
 you have my support and I love helping you anyway I can. and I would love to hold you for one night and make you feel wanted.
 
 But it almost feels like it
 
 confused*
 
 dont get it comfused
 
 not giving you sympathy hun
 
 I don't need sympathy
 
 hows that sound?
 
 I'm sorry hun... I wish I could make it better. .. we'll grab tea
 
 go for a walk
 
 get you some material
 
 and go curl up and watch a movie in my hotel room when I come down to OK city for the day. 
 
 There's not much you can do really. I mean I still have to go to class. But at least hopefully Alex will cook for me. 
 
 kk txt me when you get home. Whatever it takes
 
 I would prolly be willing to do
 
 i need to drive home. i can talk more when i get home
 
 Everything still going good for you
 
 I am sorry hun but it seems like it will work out for you eventually.\n\nYou know that I am attracted to you and i would like to date you. Marissa has made it very clear that she is leaving
 
 period. \n\nAre we still on for our marathon?\n\nI would like to at least take you to dinner. \n\nand just think (funny
 
 kinda) get with me and it gets you out of LV. lol Military wife
 
 and I wont dissapear. :D
 
 it's not awesome for you. it's not awesome for anyone.\nhe moved out.\nnot really. but i hope it stays done this time. at least for a long time. i'm sick of his abusive
 
 neglectful
 
 irresponsible
 
 and immature behavior towards both me and our kids.\nhe left. right after my car broke down
 
 go figure. he wont give me any money to help with bills or food or diapers for the kids. he's fucking selfish.
 
 You're single again? AWESOME FOR ME!!!. lol\n\nbut seriously what happened hun?\n\nanything you want to talk about?
 
 You and the Hubby doing good? Hope so for your benifit. \n\nIf not
 
 maybe I'll swoop in. :D lol jk \n\nWell
 
 keep me updated
 
 and hope everything is going good..\n\n\nPhillip
 
 So
 
 are we still on for our movie marathon? :D\n\nWith or without josh?? ;)\n\nanyways
 
 My beliefs are simple. I dont really believe in anything
 
 BUT
 
 i dont believe in nothing. I think that everyone has a very good chance of being right in there beliefs
 
 and that everyone is crazy. If it makes you feel better to think that you will not decay in the ground
 
 but you will either be in "heaven or hell" . have at it.. \n\nIf propositioned
 
 I will defend all other religions
 
  just because they have just as much right as anyone else. \n\nHEHEHE thats me. So how are you and Josh?
 
 you couldn't just message me?\ntell me. i'm curious.
 
 So is everything getting better for you? I hope soo.\n\nhow has everything been?\n\nAnd i am still looking forward to the Labrynth and Drop Dead Fred marathon. Just as long as Josh doesnt kill me. lol\n\nPhillip
 
 How everything going? How are you and the BF/fiancee
 
 whatever he was?I dont rememeber. lol \n\nI hope everything is good. \n\nAre we still on for the Labrynth and Drop Dead Fred marathon when i come back?\n\nPhillip
 
 tell her I am sorry its taken as long as it has. but I wont be able to get it until at least after Monday. I have to reburn them I cannot find them and we dont have any disks currently
 
 mom wanted me to send you a message about getting her weeds first 2 seasons or whatever.
 
 Ok
 
 yea i understand dear. If it helps any
 
 I was the one that won the Drill Off and was Campbell's roommate. Help any? if not
 
 I do apologize for bugging you.\n\nPhillip
 
 Ok
 
 well I still don't remember who you are.  So
 
 I won't be able to accept your friends request.  I hope you understand.
 
 316th
 
 I was a black rope
 
 Phillip. My wife lived off base. (I was the one that didnt really party with the group) lol
 
 I did for bit.  What was your sq?  I appologize for not remembering who you are...
 
 Possibly. Did you go to Tech school at Goodfellow AFB? If not
 
 I apologize for the mistaken identity\n\nPhillip
 
 Do I know you?
 
 That's cool
 
 obviously did your best.  See you Friday
 
 I would have given more notice if I had it
 
 I apologize. I called her 2-3 times
 
 and drove to her house in Brandon and knocked for 15 minutes
 
 and didn't get an answer. And not having a mobile meant I had to wait until I got home to message you. I figured it would have been better to be late
 
 but no one answered and I was running out of time...
 
 I little more notice would of been nice
 
 luckily the track isn't that far of a drive.  Be sure you make it to Lakenheath.  See you Friday.
 
 I won't be able to get to the track
 
 I was not able to get ahold of my Nanny so I will have to take the kids to the indoor one on Lakenheath a little later today..\n\nPlease call if you have any questions..  01638533657
 
 since chat isnt working for me. lol\n\nI just wanted you to know that you looked amazing in that picture\n*the almost nude one*\n\njust thought you should know\n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. Any more people write about the singing?
 
 I just said good morning in england. lol\n\nI was making fun of you being mad at the country. lol\n\nHow is your day going?
 
 ?
 
 in England. :D
 
 I have new pictures of the kiddos posted
 
 I'm having chest pains
 
 can't really move or lay down without being in pain
 
 let alone breath
 
 so I'm takling to everyone. lol
 
 ahola
 
  lol
 
 whats what about?
 
 whats that about?
 
 ahola
 
 lol\nlatter\n
 
 txt me 913-669-0172
 
 yup yup I'm crazy
 
 but I'm the lovable crqazy and you konw it ;)
 
 your craxy\n
 
 how are you doing?
 
 hehehehe   you're talking tome :D  haha
 
 just because the computer is on does not mean im at it\n
 
 :P     fine then :P
 
 Why you booooored?
 
 I hate the single dad prejudice. haha
 
 Just been me and the kiddos since November of 2010
 
 but she is in Idaho now 
 
 she never came back to the US with me
 
 white
 
 with a white soft top
 
 and red leather interior
 
 and i cant believe its not over yet she ever go bavk to england?
 
 cool
 
 sorry to hear your bored andrea just went to get morgan from the bus stop
 
 getting ready to buy a house
 
 still finalizing my divorce. lol bought an 88 safari van
 
 and an 89 cadillac brogham (running
 
 but Imma restore it as well) 
 
 I'm doing CDC's...... and well being bored. lol
 
 i ok with the weather
 
 just a joke phillip
 
 how is everyone likeing georgia. lol
 
 whats that stupposed to mean. :P
 
 i guess so to send me a message lol
 
 iiiima bored. lol
 
 sarcasm?? HAHA  \n\nI am assuming that it was very apparent then?
 
 Really I did not notice.
 
 hehehe... So
 
 how have the kiddo's been today? They stayed up most of the night. \n\n(oh BTW
 
 if you didn't notice
 
 I really like your daughter) lol \n\nPhillip
 
 :P
 
 I'm pretty sure my other account already talked about the database check. lol and good thing you mentioned your spelling haha. lol
 
 ok thatsjust wrong on so many counts its like saying that if U send this txt they can track it and will pay so many dollars every time it gets forwarded 
 
 . . . . . . . . . . . . use Ur common since people they are not gona track this message whern they can just do a data base check for active members
 
 and yes I know my spelling is off
 
 haha lol
 
 ok im an idiot i just didnt wanna take any chances lol
 
 Wow I hope you have been hacked. :P\n\nDo you think that the creator wouldn't just look at log-in info that is databased for him?
 
 Facebook is recently becoming very overpopulated
 
there have been many members complaining that Facebook is becoming very slow. Records show that the reason is that there are many -active Facebook members and
 
 on the other side
 
 many new Facebook members.\n\nWe will be sending this message around to see if members are active or not. If you are active please send to at least 15 other users using Copy+ Paste to show that you are still active. *Those who do not send this message within 2 weeks will be deleted without hesitation to create more space.*\n\nSend this message to all your friends and to show me that your still active and you will not be deleted.\n\nFounder of Facebook
 
\nMark Zuckerberg . .
 
 Sure....I've moved though to 209 Williamson Rd Portsmouth VA 23707... and my phone # is 757 673 0968.
 
 Good morning
 
 Jinally heard back on my SF86
 
 Looks like they might contact you for verification of my time in England. Just wanted to give you a heads up
 
 No problem...just let me know if you need my info.... just did mine about 2 months ago... And I used Sgt Moore as well...
 
 thanks though. 
 
 I ended up getting the info from Sgt Moore. Needed a person for my SF86 
 
 Hey what's up???...\n
 
 let me know when you get online and have a minute please. 
 
 Sounds awesome
 
 or.. find a job that takes you wehre the wind blows you
 
 picked up a 5 bedroom house for like 134K  
 
 thanks....got to either find a job...or go where the wind blows me...time will tell.
 
 Congrats
 
 Mr. to be
 
 Still putting on a uniform like you...official retirement date of 1 March....should be done in Jan with terminal leave
 
 hows the job coming?
 
 officially a home owner!  (sorry
 
 excited) lol
 
 SGT Moore made Master
 
 Cool....I got to run....keep the faith!
 
 http://www.movoto.com/az/7962-e-2nd-st-tucson/472_21206645.htm heres the house I picked up (payed asking price to kill out another offer)
 
 :D
 
 my gf has two kids of her own
 
 (plus our new one) so that makes 5 total for me) 
 
 Sweet!! congrats....I have met a wonderful woman with a great job &amp; house and lots of $... so life is good!
 
 so.. Civilian-wise yes
 
 it is the new baby johnson
 
  and AF-wise
 
 no.. my babysitter had a baby
 
 (still waiting on a fucking judge to final decree my divorce)
 
 yes
 
 unofficially.....
 
 I love my job sooo much...I've been using a lot of leave....so not counting it.    Was that a new baby Johnson I saw you holding?
 
 lmao. nice... is that before terminal? or including it?
 
 Can't complain...the AF tried to send me to Korea...so I dropped my retirement papers... Should retire on 1 Mar 2013
 
 Hows the east coast treatin you?
 
 finally bought a house. :)
 
 Hows the wonderful Sgt Stock doing?
 
 haha
 
 My contract is up in June of 2013 but I'm reenlisting. who knows.... maybe one of these days I will actually be able to test for Staff
 
 I'm pretty sure I will retire in Mar 2013... I extended for the post 9/11 gi bill for my daughter
 
 thank you
 
 hopefully I can get picked up for the commissioning program I want before congress kills it. lol
 
 that's good.... time is good... I wish you luck.
 
 only a couple months
 
 and the divorce will take at least another like 6 months so there's time
 
 I've been living with my 'babysitter' since I got here. lol haha
 
 no need to rush into marriage.... I recommend living with her first....you can always marry later... or not
 
 its been just me and the kids since November
 
 I'm waiting on my damn divorce to go through
 
 haha
 
 I've met a nice one....not so sure about any future Mrs Stock...LOL
 
 any prospective Mrs. Stocks?
 
 hows plenty o fish comin?
 
 this is true....East Coast is definitely more expensive
 
 needs some cosmetic love but thats it
 
 look where you are though. lol I was looking in Kansas also. and its cheap there too. 2200 sq ft 4 bedroom with a storm shelter for 30K
 
 hopefully I can get it. its a Short Sale currently so I have time to get the bank on my side
 
 Houses are much more expensive here
 
 Sounds like a good deal...
 
 BAH is $960
 
 I'm only looking at like $500 a month mortgage
 
 and its only 75K with a cracked pool last year it was 330K  ohh I love being a buyer in this market
 
 that's huge...
 
 its slower than TSIC-K here
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3221-N-Flowing-Wells-Rd-Tucson-AZ-85705/8437389_zpid/   check out this lovely 'little' house I'm looking at
 
 yeah my new job is pretty slow too.... mainly deal with Army exercises.... but I'm not complaining....its still better than the 488th
 
 they only deal with South as opposed to what we did in England. lol
 
 slow... 
 
 congrats....hows the new job?
 
 nothing
 
 looking at buying my first house . 
 
 hey what's up?
 
 Good afternoon 
 
 Merry christmas. And a happy new year. tell the kids that a random co-worker said hi
 
 Esoc paper due 31st
 
 Edi
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 Smile
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejc5zic4q2A
 
 http://www.mosaicjobs.com/us/sm/jobs
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/ofc/3792902090.html
 
 http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/ral-zarek-03-05-13-1/
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/pts/3717583594.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/pts/3717583594.html
 
 To finalize your quote and purchase your policy call Wells Fargo Insurance at 1-866-586-9768\n
 
 https://www.endorse.com/referral/Heather/YZLul9bn0M1ZFVTW5C34K0yA==AB
 
 https://couponcarryout.com/index.php?main_page=create_account
 
 http://www.kraftfirsttaste.com/velveeta-cheesy-casseroles/?continue&amp;rand=5418499#Coupon
 
 phone 100.00
 
 lets see
 
 gps it is then
 
 If whoever took my phone is reading this
 
 I will give you 100$ cash to return it
 
 no questions
 
  I need it back. \n
 
 http://www.sinistersoles.com/RIOT-20-Black-Leather-Combat-Boots-p/s-demonia-riot-20-boots.htm\n\nhttp://www.envirosafetyproducts.com/neoprene-smooth-finish-glove-shoulder-length.html\n\nhttp://www.wasserstrom.com/restaurant-supplies-equipment/Product_616535\n\nhttp://www.leatherfads.com/mens-leather-coat-with-zippered-collar-and-three-front-back-belts-2254.aspx
 
 http://www.livingrichwithcoupons.com/2012/10/safeway-coupons-deals-for-the-week-of-1010-1016.html
 
 http://instoresnow.walmart.com/enhancedrendercontentincludes.aspx?id=120000&amp;adid=1500000000000038111040&amp;veh=eml\n\nhttp://couponconnections.com/2012/10/albertsons-better-than-free-kraft-fresh-take-cheese-bread-crumb-mix/\n\nhttp://www.frugallivingnw.com/store-retail-deals/albertsons/albertsons-kraft-fresh-take-moneymaker/\n\nhttp://meijermadness.com/coupon-resources/501-kraft-fresh-take-breadcrumb-mix-coupon
 
 http://www.livingrichwithcoupons.com/2012/06/new-barilla-coupons-deals.html
 
 http://apps.facebook.com/koolaidnight/
 
 http://printablecouponsanddeals.com/2012/07/1-off-any-comet-stainless-steel-cleaning-item-target-coupon-reset-free-at-target.html
 
 9 August
 
  2 people   1630-1900\n14 August
 
  5 people  1700-1900\n16 August
 
  2 people  1630-1900\n21 August
 
  1 person  1700-1900\n30 August
 
  2 people  1630-1900\nAirmans Attic
 
 http://www.securityclearanceexpo.com/jobSeeker/jsAdmin.asp
 
 http://www.ehow.com/how_2069771_cook-wheat-berries.html
 
 07833257842
 
 i will date you when they make pocket sized manatees\n\n3:33amMe\nand what would they be called. "steve erwin killers"? lol\n\n3:34amKayla\nnot a mantaray \n\na manatee\n\n3:34amMe\nmy bad misread\n\n3:34amKayla\nits like a seal\n\nbut better\n\n3:34amMe\ni know what it is dear. \n\n3:35amKayla\nand i could have it in my pocket\n\n3:35amMe\ni think i could make a pocket sized one if you would date me. lol\n\n3:35amKayla\nlol \n\ni wanna see it first\n\n3:37amMe\nI hope you do know that all of this is joking. (even though i would gladly date you) i will never try to force someone into raising kids. \n\n3:38amKayla\nyes i know that \n\n3:38amMe\nor being with me and my kids\n\nOk
 
 just making sure\n\n3:38amKayla\ni just think having a pocket sized manatee would be amazing\n\nya\n\n3:39amMe\nit is a shame you dumped me\n\nI liked you. \n\nand on a side note (found out brenton hated me. lol)\n\ncute
 
 sexy
 
 sporty\n\nloved it.\n\n3:40amKayla\nsorry\n\n3:40amMe\ndont be sorry hun\n\n3:40amKayla\nya i know\n\nlol\n\nhow did you find that out\n\n3:41amMe\nhe made a comment about you dating all of his friends but him never having a chance\n\n3:41amKayla\nok i dont feel sorry anymore :)\n\n\n3:41amMe\ndate me and we will call it even. :P\n\n3:41amKayla\nhe has a girlfriend now\n\nand three kids\n\n3:41amMe\nlol i know\n\nhe is trying to find a way to let her off easy\n\nHe likes her but doesnt want kids\n\nespecially right now\n\nwanna hear something funny?\n\n3:43amKayla\no really \n\nlol\n\nwhat\n\n3:45amKayla\ni suck at solitare\n\n:(\n\n3:46amMe\napparently becuase of the kids thing...he wanted to just be friends
 
 and one of the times there were watching a movie
 
 she didnt really give him a choice
 
 and he said he caved. lol\n\n3:47amKayla\nwow he is so gulable\n\ngullable*\n\n3:48amMe\nwell
 
 apparently she "jumped" him. lol \n\nor... jumped on\n\n3:49amKayla\nha ya i can see him caving\n\nhe has never been that close to a girl before\n\n3:49amMe\nso.. you wont date me? how bout a one night stand? lol\n\n3:50amKayla\nhahahahahaha no\n\n3:50amMe\n:(\n\ny not? lol\n\n3:52amKayla\nbut you should deffinately bring me a present when you get back \n\n:) \n\n3:54amMe\nwhat do i get in return?\n\nyou... and a one night stand?\n\nlol\n\n3:56amKayla\na hug \n\nand you can buy me dinner\n\nlol \n\nand i will meet your monsters\n\n3:57amMe\nso i have to bring you a present and buy you dinner for a hun??? \n\nwhat do I have to buy you to get you to come home with me after dinner? lol\n\n3:58amKayla\nummm yes\n\nice cream\n\n3:59amMe\nohhh. ice cream it is then.\n\nok
 
 now what would i have to buy you after that to get you to spend the night with me? lol\n\n4:00amKayla\nlol the kind that has recess in it \n\nwalle\n\n4:01amMe\ndeal. Reseese ice cream and Wall-e. \n\nnow what do i have to buy on top of that to get you to sleep with me?\n\nlol\n\n4:02amKayla\nyes love it\n\ngummy worms\n\n4:02amMe\nokey dokey\n\nlol\n\n4:02amKayla\nand a ring pop\n\n4:03amMe\nPresent. dinner. ice cream
 
 walle
 
 gummy worms
 
 ring pop.\n\nnow. last question. lol what would i have to buy for you to have sex with me? lol\n\n4:04amKayla\na truck\n\nextended bed\n\nking fisher\n\nwith a lift\n\n4:05amMe\nOk. but I want it in writing and the lift will cost you two more times. lol\n\n4:07amKayla\nhahahaha i just like the feeling of me tiny person sitting in this monster truck that could run people over makes it thrilling\n\n4:08amMe\nso
 
 do we have a deal?\n\ni get you. you get a truck? lol\n\n4:09amKayla\nummmmmmmm maybe\n\ni like trucks\n\n4:10amMe\nyou might have to marry me for the deed to the truck though\n\n4:10amKayla\nhahahahaha or you could give me the money\n\nas a gift\n\nfor me being so amazing\n\n4:11amMe\nbut then you would a prostitute by law. and thats not cool. lol\n\n4:11amKayla\num ok i could babysit your kids and you could pay me with a truck\n\n4:12amMe\nhmm. if i win the lottery
 
 (i know this sounds bad) lol but I would so buy you a truck to have a "good" night with you. lol\n\n4:12amKayla\nyay\n\nand i f i dont get what i want then i will throw a tantrum like the kids\n\n4:16amMe\nand if i dont get what i want you dont get the truck. lol\n\n:P\n\nbut i have to win the lottery first\n\n4:16amKayla\nyour not the one with cancer i win\n\n4:16amMe\ndid i miss something hun?\n\n4:17amKayla\nlike what\n\ni won a game of solitare :)\n\n4:20amMe\ncancer?\n\nI am pretty sure I didnt know that\n\n4:21amKayla\nya its in my head but its different and docs dont know what kind or what exactly but i am getting better i just cant have any stress in my life\n\nand it seems to go away \n\n4:22amMe\nhmm. ok\n\ni still want to date you.\n\nlol\n\n4:23amKayla\nha they told me i had two years to live\n\nif i kept up the same stressful life\n\nso i changed everything and i have like no stress except for money problems\n\n4:24amMe\nwell
 
 dont be so stressful. and date me and the money troubles go away too
 
 hope alls well in your world deary
 
 How have you been?  Hope all has been giong well hun
 
 theres a nice piece of bowling history on my wall if you wanted to look :-)  figured you might enjoy it
 
 you been bowling recently hun?
 
 tough luck on KU
 
 how are you and the MR doing? :)
 
 Finally bought a new ball. WOO!    Ebonite Elevate
 
 Hows everything going for you hun?
 
 How was your christmas
 
 Happy Birthday Deary! Hope you have a wonderful day. 
 
 Hows everything going in your bowling world?
 
 Hey girly
 
 hows everything going in your neck of the woods?
 
 Hey Justine
 
 long time
 
 Hows college and everything else going?
 
 Happy Birthday
 
 Hope you have an amazing birthday and an even better christmas.\n\nHope all is well\n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. What are you doing in March? Figured it might be nice to grab a cup of coffee and catch up. If you want to that is
 
 you ok?
 
 haha sweet sweet riley. lol \nAdam would have thrown something at me if I was sick. lol\n\nhmm... cuddles sound good. :'( lol you need to go to sleep
 
 Pointed.. And she is lol.. I told her I don't feel well and she won't leave me alone.. Riley is like are you feeling better mommy? And she went to her room to watch a movie.. 
 
 square shovel? or pointed? hahaha\n\nand don't say your kid is annoying
 
 Morgan is soooo annoying.. And my stomach feels like I just got stabbed with a shovel :(
 
 well I would Loooove you to come over.. but sleep and kids come first.... Get to sleep hun..
 
 Hahaha yeah I'm awesome lol.. I want to sleep.. I have one kid in my bed right now watching super mario bros.. Ugh.. And jon is trying to get me to come over lol.. I'm not moving.. Couldn't even eat tonight
 
 umm I remember rather well
 
 You are amazing company
 
 whether that is in bed or watching a movie with kids all over you. You are amazing company.. but if you feel like crap.. go to bed hun.. Mwah. Hugs
 
 all the fun stuff. ;) get some rest.. or.. come over here and become exhausted. ;) hahah
 
 Haha I'm not good company.. I really feel awful and just want to sleep..
 
 I agree sexy... sexy  sexy...\nsomething about that face looking up at the camera..\nDead sexy. hehehe\nhmm.... wonder if I can get a babysitter last minute to come see you.. hehee  haha
 
 Oh boy
 
 apj_elfman@yahoo.com\n\nand PJ's are sexy. hehe\n\nI might want to drive over there. ;) so be careful hehhe
 
 Um do you have an email that's not work? I'm just wearing pjs lol
 
 I want the picture... Get me one so I can give you my opinion :D\n\nand I hope you feel better. but you need a second opinion... :D
 
 Andrea is feeling like crap.. My friend jon didn't believe me so I took a pic of me looking awful laying in bed and he was like 'sexy!'... Ugh I feel way too horrible to look sexy lol
 
 haha.. well.... Mwah! \n\nHows Andrea?
 
 Sorry your last message never came all the way through.. And it wouldn't let me reply :(
 
 how are you doing hun?
 
 hey hun
 
 hey girly been a while
 
 how have you been?
 
 good morning hun
 
 :P
 
 how r u nd the bf?
 
 congrats on the bf. :)
 
 haha  heres a ring.... 150 carat diamond ring (made entirely from diamond) http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fnews.yahoo.com%2Fblogs%2Fsideshow%2Fworld-first-diamond-150-carat-ring-created-swiss-141731588.html&amp;h=QAQEapurQ
 
 hey hun
 
 how are you doing?
 
 :P
 
 Hey hun
 
 been awhile
 
 how are you doing?
 
 hey hun
 
 hows your Friday?
 
 :P
 
 did I piss you off?
 
 hey hun
 
 I might be buying a Cadi. lol
 
 hey hey hey
 
 whats up girly
 
 whats your cell number so I can text you hun?
 
 Let me know when you are ok to talk
 
 I have some funny
 
 yet semi serious questions. lol about our last conversations. ;)
 
 I didn't upset you did I?
 
 you online hun?
 
 I wasn't trying to offend you or anything like that the other day. 
 
 You online hun?
 
 howar e you doing this morning hun
 
 sorry. lol different acount
 
 The best way to explain this fetish is that I like to help people that I know
 
 and I like to purchase them.   I hope that makes sense without sounding bad. lol\nsoo.. still thinking about it? ;)  (semi seriously) its a good way to help if you need money
 
 or.. if you just want extra cash. ;)
 
 Lmao
 

 
 ur somethin else!\n
 
 I have 'helped' people before. They needed/wanted money
 
 (it was quiet and no one found out) but I purchased nude photos from them (with a written agreement that I would not use them for anything) or... larger 'loans' for 'physical' repayment. if that makes sense. \nSorry
 
 trying to keep from saying it outright because it makes it sound worse than it is. \nI only do it with people I know
 
 or am friends with. \n\nYou still thinking about it? ;)
 
 I'm staying with my parents so I'm good
 

 
 lol but now u have me thinking lol \n
 
 and are you doing ok on money is what I meant?  not borderline starving etc.. (sorry
 
 your answer effects if I joke with you or not.) (I have an 'interesting' fetish that helps people with their money problems if they have them) Id tell you more if you wuold like to know. :)  its not bad
 
 just interesting. 
 
 why are you glad you didn't drink with me? :P  haha ;)
 
 Lol
 

 
 well I'm glad I didn't drink with u then lol
 

 
 an money!? What's that!!?? Haha 
 
 anyways.... how are you doing on money dear
 
 if we woulda drank
 
 ida probably made an ass out of myself
 
 and gotten drunk on purpose so I could blame the booze for me kissing you ;) rofl
 
 still aint answered my question. lol
 
 Thnx
 

 
 he lived a good long life so I'm happy hes livin in paradise now! 
 
 and you never answered the 'am I more attractive now" question. lol
 
 I'm sorry hun...
 
 I ain't been in town I quit workin at Walmart an been in Manhattan then I had to go to Illinois cuz my gpa passed away then I came back to Manhattan which is where I'm at now lol 
 
 I tried to get you on fb for our liquor pong but youdidnt' respond
 
 soo. any more attractive than the last time you saw me? ;) rofl
 
 I did
 

 
 I thought that was u! I would have came an talked to but I couldn't leave my post lol 
 
 so you recognize me at Walmart when I was in twon? lol
 
 eh. lol 
 
 Good an urself 
 
 hey girly.. how are you doing?
 
 hey girly
 
 congrats on the singleness deary
 
 hey girl
 
 sorry everyone has been bitchy with ya. if you wanna play
 
 I'm game. ;) haha rofl.. anyways... you still up for booze pong when I'm in town hun?\n
 
 hey girl. just 2 more days till I'm in town. :) 
 
 hows your day giong?
 
 hey girly
 
 only a week. lol woo
 
 then drinking!  haha
 
 official dates 2nd-10th feb is when I'll be in town
 
 good morning deary
 
 you online?
 
 you up for that liquor pong Saturday or Sunday maybe?  (obviously figure it out as we get closer)
 
 hey Imma be in town for like a week starting onFebuary 2nd
 
 good morning
 
 I'm in Tucson Arizona now. Me and my kiddies
 
 waiting on finalizing my divorce. lol I am getting custody. My son is turning 5 next month and my daughter is turning 3 in June.  Fun fun fun. hows life
 
 love
 
 and everything else there?    (I'm giong to add you on my home account as well. this is my work account) 
 
 Same ol shit different day how things with u 
 
 :P
 
 hey girl
 
 long time
 
 hows everything in Lansing goin?
 
 + I am planning on having at least 1 or two more kids.
 
 single + 2 kids in the military isn't a fun idea. lol\n\nand I hate being single.
 
 well thats good ..i guess if thats what u want
 
 yup yup
 
 now I am looking for wifey #2 haha\n\nFound out I am going to move to Arizona in march
 
 sry that it didnt work out but that is good u get to keep yo kids! 
 
 oh really? ;) lol jk\n\nsorry
 
 your site said "in a relationship"\n\nYea
 
 My "wonderful" wife is divorcing me when we move back stateside. lol \n\nbut.. I am getting full custody of both of my kids without a fight from her so that is good
 
 no one..
 
 so who are you with now? obviously someone lucky. lol
 
 well thnk u..
 
 btw you look good hun
 
 I did know that
 
 now that I think about it. I also have two
 
 a 3 yr old and a 1 yr old.  That is what I get for being in england since 2008\n\nwhat have you been up to?
 
 krystal pennington? she got two kids
 
 hmm
 
 ok. I had heard she had a new "thing' but that is the last I heard
 
 Being overseas kinda kills the gossip . I missed a shit load of stuff. Like Crystal having a kid
 
 you know the interesting stuff.
 
 nope
 
 dont kno nothin. we aint friends cuz of her man..
 
 didn't know if you knew anything
 
 at least you are in the same state. :P
 
 uh why u askin me
 
 i have no clue..
 
 I am kinda stuck in England.
 
 leave me alone
 
 OMG  the baby is soooo cute! Congrats dear. I am so happy for you. I just saw your profile picture pop up on Marissa's page for some reason. anyways... just wanted to say Congrats!     Hope all is still well
 
 and wish you three many many happy years
 
 I wasn't sure if I had told you that I would have to. So that is why I wrote. No further information needed
 
 I jsut wanted to make sure you were aware. Like I said I'm sorry for bothering you
 
 just wanted to make sure you knew.. I hope you have a good rest of your day dear...
 
 so your writing me to tell me you have put my name on a form and thats it? because i knew you had to do that anyway
 
 so not sure as to why you are telling me
 
 unless u need abit of information which u dont 
 
 I am sorry to bother you again dear
 
 but I have a form for the Military that Ihave to fill out with your name on it
 
 since you were my nanny for the kids in the UK
 
 and you counted as a Foreign contact. I will use your maiden name and it does not ask for an address
 
 just name
 
 citizenship
 
 and how long.. so you should not be contacted
 
 I was just informing you. If there was a way to not put youdown
 
 I would. I am sorry... So I am putting you down as my nanny
 
 business relationship
 
 from November 2010-March 2011  Nothing should come of it
 
 and I am sorry for the inconveinence..
 
 Marissa not seeing the kids as much is a good thing for me
 
 it means when she decides that she wants to fight
 
 that I have a much better chance to win (even though most places side with the mothers) and I'll stop talking to Steff and Michaela.. I didn't mean to piss anyone off... Its just how I am.. (which I  know I need to change more than I have..)   I am glad that everything is going well for you
 
 and I am glad that you had the money to do everything you wanted before you settled down.. and for what its worth Congratulations on your good marraige and healthy pregnancy. :)
 
 my pregnancy is good and so is my marriage.. (pretty much have everything ive ever wanted).. I dont think you changed that much you sent my sis a mes clling her sexy lady and steff which still creeps both of them out!....As for Marissa and the kids i dont have much to say because it has nothing to do with me.. you wanted custody so you have it.
 
 I'm not
 
 and I wont. I was going to write to see if everything was going well
 
 nothing more
 
 nothing less. I hope the pregnancy is going well
 
 and I hope you and Chad are doing well
 
 and that you are enjoying the US thus far. I've changed a lot since I've gotten back.. Not that that changes anything
 
 I understand that. It was nice to have someone to talk to. before everything happened... Marissa's  only seen the kids once since she's been in the states
 
 and only talked to them probably 6-7 times
 
 tops... 
 
 not to be rude but dont want you creeping on my page \n
 
 will you stop trying to add me i said to you once i get done babysitting for you that i didnt want nothing more to do with you
 
 Hey deary
 
 I just wanted to say Congratulations to the bothof you
 
 and I wish you the best. Mwah
 
 ill come roundyour next day of to finsh but im not cleaning any new mess and would need that 100 pounds soon and then when u can the 145 dollars
 
 I'll try to do good in poker. lol :P
 
 yeah i said yes already anyway try stay out late at poker so i can get a bunch of shit done while your out
 
 I really do thank you for everything dear
 
 at least it got you money to party
 
 and go to the states with money left over
 
 and a couple of tattoos
 
 and all the cigarettes and booze you wanted at the house. lol\n\nI tried to make it as 'comfortable' as possible for you. And I do appreciate everything...\n\nare we still ok for oral
 
 when I get home (for the extra 100 pounds) and no sleeping.
 
 so i can clean more and sort my stuff so i can leave hopefully as soon as u get done running and be free
 
 why?
 
 hopefully you stay out late
 
 I don't know what I did to piss you off
 
 but I'm sorry. I will see you when I get home . (hopefully I'll win lots of money tonight. :D )
 
 yeah and then when i leave here tomorrow im unfriending you on here
 
 and then we'll do everything when I get home?
 
 ok
 
 hopefully they still go to bed at a decent time... I'll grab milk
 
 and I'll email or message before I leave. have a good nap
 
 anyway im going to nap before they get up which wont be to long i dont think let me know by email or anything when ur leaving ok
 
 well they still sleeping .. i had to go check the was both ok because i hadnt heard nothing.. felt like they had be abducted but they just sleeping
 
 Ok
 
 I'll grab milk on my way home. When did the kids nap? (just seeing when they are approx going to go to sleep) so we can do everything before you skype..
 
 btw we need milk!
 
 I fell asleep on the couch waiting for you to get home last night
 
 since you were going to be in by 12! Sorry I left it
 
 I'll get it when I get home. \nand I thought we decided yesterday that we were doing oral
 
 and I was giving you 100 pounds extra
 
 and you weren't sleeping upstairs
 
 since the sleeping upstairs part is kinda fucked up anways/
 
 no i dont want the oral .. and when i say im really not picking up after u i mean it u need to pick the pizza box and clean what you cooked it on im not moving shit i told u !
 
 im not doing nothing today we can tomorrow im to hot and pissed of\nadam is in his room for chucking drink and food every where\nso im re cleaning right now... but im going out when u get here to help a friend move some stuff and have a drink once i get done skyping which prob wont be till 2 3 am we can do it all
 
 okey dokey. :P
 
 kk well anyway let me know when ya leaving ok
 
 meaning... I'm not good enough HAHAHA :P
 
 no i just want me be and spend the rest of my life with chad
 
 he will always be the one i want
 
 hmm.... too bad I'm not good enough.. :/ oh well. lol
 
 thank you
 
 I will. Mwah! :)\n\n(You'll make an amazing wife hun
 
 don't let anyone tell you otherwise)
 
 ok well let me know when ya leave ok
 
 I know how you meant it. haha... I was just saying.. ;) hehe
 
 i said luv as in luv is how you say to friends lol ... ok let me know when you leave work ok
 
 ok
 
 and be careful with that 'luv' word hun. ;) I'm still looking for a wife to spoil. lol \n\n\nI'll get the vaccuum
 
 ice cream
 
 and Coffee
 
 :)\n\nand I do.... "L" you sooo :P  LMAO
 
 will you tell me when you leave and also the biggggg coffee your getting can u get it after you done your little run for vaccum so its hot and because you luv me lol mudpie icecream i dont want food just icecream lol  ill have the kids ready to go to mildenhal so thats out the way
 
 ok
 
  well let me know
 
 I would love the thing tonight and the 250 thing..
 
 i dont know ill think about it bit later
 
 ok so how about. 200 pounds and 675 dollars total (equal approx 1000) and that would cover the 250 thing
 
 the thing tonight
 
 and the rest of you working (till the 25th)?
 
 well i need like 200 in pounds
 
 I could find a way to give you $1
 
000 before you leave on the 1st. that would be the 250 pound thing.. the thing tonight... and the rest of you with the kids and cleaning.
 
 ok
 
 (sorry
 
 just trying to make sure that friday happens
 
) becuase I was looking forward to it last night.. \n\nanyways.... I'll talk to you later
 
 yeah and we dont need to talk about sexual things anymore we know what we are doing friday so we dont have to talk about it no more
 
 haha. who knows. lol hmm... is it friday yet? \n\nI hope your tattoo goes well today. just try and make sure that you are ok for doing stuff tomorrow since you are getting a big tattoo today..\none of the reasons for wanting to do it yesterday........
 
 he did tell me about it i just didnt think id be getting a whole year
 
 I don't have a clue hun.. well
 

 
 good thing we are doing all the stuff Friday then... you will have the money to pay him... (you might not want to let him know how much money you actually have. lol you might find other 'charges' pop up. lol )
 
 the is bullshit my dad just rang i owe him 100 pounds because he said i need life insurance and he got it it cost 280 but he paid some and i owe him 100.. why the fuck do i need life insurance .. im pissed now
 
 ok
 
 well at least they are both eating them. :)\n\nI hope they calm down.
 
 he has had one and half and she had half and is eating chicken fries
 
 I'm sorry hun. I hope they calm down
 
 has he eaten the cheeseburger yet?
 
 not great saundra is moody and adam is being bad .. im having great fun trying to controll them and just str8en the downstairs at the same time
 
 military doesn't entirely suck.
 
 its just how you take it. lol  just make sure he finds something before he gets out. (friendly advice
 
 nothing else). and are you going to be ok with the kids? today?
 
 i looked up on loads of different site you owe me 1300 dollars
 
 I need to pick you up from your dad's at like 3:15-3:30pm today. My running got moved from 4:30 back to 4:00pm. I'm sorry
 
 I have to do what they say...
 
 You online hun?
 
 As of right now
 
 I am working Monday and Tuesday night (I am covering for someone) figured you would like that. lol ..\n\nI go to Days on Friday
 
 Saturday
 
 and Sunday then..\n\nUnless something changes....\n\nlet me know when you get this .  \n:D
 
 Ummm well you can give me as much as you can for the ticket so i can pay my dad of so he can arrange his because he has complained .. at i have to be at mine by well my mom said 8 but i know we cant make that time
 
 Ok
 
 once you get up. What time would we have to leave to go to your appointment? and do you need your money tomorrow for your ticket? I can't get it all but I can get some or most of it. Also
 
 would I be picking you up at your house at 1?\nTrying to get everything covered. \n\ncan you think of anything else?
 
 as it is supposed to be my day of anyway.. my mom just rang and told me i have few papers to sign and a doctors appointment tomorrow for birth control at 9 am so you will have to take me drop me of and pick me up at like 1 or 2 sorry
 
 I'll bring you some orange gatorade (do you want me to buy the Gatorade powder as well so you will have it for later?
 
 Do you want me to bring it there now?
 
 yes dont get the non drowsy one!
 
 So you want the night time nyquil liquid
 
 that will put you to sleep?
 
 can u get nyquil liquid NOT THE NON DROWSY ONE i want the night one that is drowsy
 
 i know tomorrow is 20 since it is short
 
 if I could do underneath the clothes
 
 could it be 30? (if its over an hour)\n\nalso
 
 the 60 for the one thing tomorrow morning
 
 I would give you tomorrow
 
 or I could keep it 
 
 and put it on the board..\n\n(please delete after reading)
 
 No I do not stalk your FB
 
 it is a status update
 
 meaning is showed up on my page. I dont have that many people on this account. Sorry I bugged you
 
.
 
 nothing philip god do you stalk my fb \nim fine
 
 Whats going on?
 
 On Febuary 25th (next friday) I have an appointment on base with my 1st Shirt... Just letting you know
 
 I dont knwo what time yet...\nAlso
 
 starting Monday
 
 Every Mon
 
 Wed
 
 Fri I have to go to the Track on Mildenhall.... I'll let you know about the times...
 
 ok this is for your house you need to get two big yankee candles because they are the only thing that will take the smell out of the house! and im not bringing mine over because they are that cheap but go BX and you find them
 
 if you get  a case of cornas not 6 pack after i skype ill come upstairs and get in bed .. so you can go poker tonight and ill skype till like 3 4 am then ill come upstairs thats pretty much the only way we going to do anything tonight
 
 i think you should bring breakfast back to lol there isnt nothing to eat and im to busy to cook
 
 hey im not going to lie i dont think this week we will do anything i have way to much to do and i dont feel like drinking anything other then cornoas
 
 if you wanted to sleep upstairs THursday night
 
 I figure we could get like 150 pounds worth of stuff. (movie
 
 sex
 
 oral
 
 cuddling sleep)\njust letting you know\nmaybe more. \nBut go to bed hun\nSleep well
 
 ok the house is a mess bad and im sleepy so im going to stop plus the washer is rocking so ill let you see to it and tomorrow i dont think we wil do anything because i think im going to stay at my mom as i need some sleep and rest and then thursday start cleaning again.. i have to stay home tomorrow because im sooo stressed right now and i just want my space
 
 btw the house is going to be a mess next few day with clothes and shit ! if i do sleep upstairs which i dont think ill get much sleep i dont want to do nothing sexual im stressed and dont get much sleep so im going to be soo pissy for awhile !
 
 I have to give Marissa a ride around 3pm. When did you need to do your Passport stuff? I can move Marissa's ride around a bit if need be.
 
 Can you put on the 17th   0630am commander
 
 ill be asleep downstair because ill be skyping till late
 
 I was wondering if you were sleeping upstairs tonight? If so
 
 I was going to see if it was ok if I got in bed with you when I get home until the kids get up.. if there is enough time..
 
 .
 
 i guess u have to wake me when your in
 
 .Leaving now..
 
 i know !  (hehehehe)
 
 tell me when ya leaving
 
 :P
 
 i know !
 
 I will get it
 
 just know I can't get anything else till after I get paid.  (not trying to be bitchy
 
 just letting you know)
 
 tell me before u leave work\nand if your getting what i asked for which i really really think you should
 
 I figured you were hinting at Chad. that  is why I didnt comment on your post. But I'm gonna get back to work...
 
 pillip i want you to respect me and stop with the jokes fullstop im really sick of them i dont know how many times i have to tell you really it makes you look perfect .. save you flirting and jokes to the other girls you talk to! I was hinting that to chad!
 
 And..... if you want.. you can be a little house wife ;) haha
 
 I said I will look K? Money kinda sucks currently...
 
 Hmmmm!
 
 I might. I have to look at money again. I have like 92$ until I get paid...
 
 i think you should get me a case of coranos not 6 the bigger one after the amount of cleaning i have done today like serously ive never cleaned sooo much! tell me before you leave work !
 
 when u leaving tell me ples
 
 about the 20 pounds. it was in the car. :( :(
 
 beer and wine you said
 
 Sooo am I bringing home alcohol? who knows ;)
 
 i cant wait to have a drink i really cant
 
 ok
 
 you are sleeping on the couch. I dont know if she is staying or what
 
 but... I will figure it out. K.
 
 well thats down to you really because i dont want to deal with it ive been up doing laundry all day and cleaning and looking after the kids i dont want to deal with anything else ok .. and i dont want you saying to her i dont want her her and that because im not saying that .. all im saying is just about sleeping arrangements
 
 I will figure it out. .. ... I can't deal with that much back and forth gas. so if she is staying
 
 she can either share a bed with me
 
 or I can bring the alarm downstairs and sleep in the dining room...
 
 but is she is staying we dont all have a place to sleep!
 
 Well lets just figure it out. .. ...  It would be easier if you stayed tonight. it would save on gas...
 
 I guess it doesnt'..... (since its not allowed to)  :( anyways\n\nI will call and pick you up around 2pm. Then I am going to bed when we get back. I really don't feel good so I am going to try and make myself feel better before I go to work.
 
 well cant be no harm if i find someone i like .. that doesnt matter to you anyway lol
 
 Thought you weren't dating?.....
 
 how much do you owe me ?
 
 no im not not tonight need time to myself plus lol want to find someone to date lol
 
 If for some reason you change your mind and want to come back over tonight just let me know. She isn't coming home...
 
 01842 811685
 
 I can never find his damn shoes so I am going to BK after we get home...
 
 good night dear\n\n~mwah~\n\nPHillip
 
 you can... but does the rest of it sound good? the drinking part?
 
 that was why I said It was good we made boundaries. since I do still want you
 

 
 Yes I knew I would/will be paying. lol I am also making sure I don't go broke and that you dont get screwed...\n\nand GOODIE I would love to spend some time with you.
 
 you knew you would be paying its you hiring someone.... yeeah thats cool
 
 we have to remember i am paying for all of this. (but the company will be amazing.) and after the kids go to bed
 
 we could just chill and watch a movie or something occasionally. As friends..
 
 ummm yea. I think. lol I dont know when marissa is coming back. lmao
 
 you online?
 
 She finally showed up. I'm going to go get my hair cut. be back in a bit. (I'll let you know if you are coming over.)
 
 . going to smoke\n\nI'm sorry 
 
 I am in a bad spot. but I am not allowed to break down
 
 I have to much depending on me...
 
 im feeling better what time are mids
 
 Well I go back to mids today. lol\n\nand go figure
 
 Marissa isn't home and I have errands to run. I really can't stand her.\n\nHow are you feeling?
 
 no i wasnt thinking about going to the states no im not doing that
 
 let me know how everything goes at Hospital. you are more then welcome to come over here. \n\nPhillip
 
 Just remember
 
 I am here.
 
 Take it easy today.
 
 doesnt make it right. :P :P\nanyways. if for some unknown reason you want to sleep in a bed. just let me know
 
 and I can either sleep downstairs for that night. or. ... we can be on either sides of the bed under the agreement of me not touching you.
 
 just know that no matter what happens
 
 there is one person that cares about you
 
 no matter what you do
 
 or what happens.
 
 or.. the obvious.. lol marry me until you are legal. HAHA (that was actually a joke)
 
 (and
 
 even though I said it jokingly
 
 if for some reason you want to think about it. go ahead
 
 just let me know. lol
 
 and we can figure out passports/visa's etc..)
 
 brb going to smoke
 
 Kinda wish you were here
 
 I need motivation. lol
 
 Oh... lol Another good thing (since you want Chad and I want you
 
 we dont have to worry about coming home to the other person on top of someone) ;)
 
 and the topic I would rather discuss at a later time is your sister
 
 and that whole thing
 
 I would like to actually explain what I was talking aobut. But not right now. (like I said I would rather have a couple more decent conversations before we get into that)
 
 hmm
 
 (I want to wait to talk about the main reason you all hated/hate me) \nbut what else do you think we need to discuss about the possibility of you moving in?
 
 and you also know that it is a process. that takes time. so Please don't hold any slip-ups early on against me.
 
 did you get the tattoo pic?\nhey. just so you know
 
 I am not telling Marissa that you are willing to babysit for me.\nyou can babysit for her as well
 
 but I dont feel like her thinking I am trying to get back with you. and get all pissy at me again.\nso
 
 you can two seperate people you are babysitting for. lol (granted
 
 I will probably be picking you up on both instances
 
 but.. whatever
 
 its more money for you)\nand. I am sorry if my joke upset you
 
 I did think it was funny since it would be cheaper to hire you then to keep her. HAHAHA
 
 here is my tatoo (only took an hour 40 minutes) (only one break 5 minutes in) lol
 
 im not going to unblock your other account sorry
 
 but.. if you cared. I got my tattoo. the picture is on my main account.
 
 I guess I am not going out tonight
 
 because the only thing I can think of you wouldn't go for. and I wouldn't actually ask...\n\nI guess I will ask you another time. Thank you though. \n\nPhillip\n\nI am sorry
 
 (I know it doesnt matter) but I am
 
 why did she have to take the damn car... (sorry
 
 not getting mad at you just frustrated)\n\nLet me think for a minute or two... I'll message you after I switch Laundry and dishes over
 
 I do not have the car. Marissa took off with it this weekend. (argh~)\n\nand I would like to be civil Lizle
 
 I do not intend to have any long conversations or shit like that. \n\nOh 
 
 btw
 
 it would be easier to figure this out if you added me as a friend (only on this account
 
 and I will not message you at work unless it is about babysitting)\n--------------------\n\nI'll just be walking up to the Liberty club for a couple drinks
 
 and maybe a little gambling. \n\nI just need a break. because I am cleaning all day tomorrow
 
 and I cleaned all day today.\n\n(oh
 
 and Thank you. with you babysitting
 
 you are cheap
 
 and I know you are good with the kids.)\n\nThis will allow me
 
 or marissa
 
 to get out of the house more
 
 and since you are cheap
 
 you can actually make more money then if you cost more since we will be able to ask you to babysit more often
 
 umm well where will u be out at because ill do it but i pretty much dont want to talk to you and ill only be doing it for the kids and money i dont want conversation and if your picking me up i want you to leave soon as i get therte
 
 I was figuring from like 9-around 4am tonight. \n\nMarissa is out for the weekend snowboarding and I just need a night out.\n\nso you wouldn't actually have anything to do with them. (basically house sitting) lol\n\nI am sorry for asking you. But I cannot find someone to take them to their house and adam tore his room all to hell and I am reorganizing downstairs and cleaning so the house is (once again) a mess.... \n\n(and dont worry about me
 
 ok)
 
 what times ? and what time will you be home
 
 and I am pretty sure the answer is hell no. .. \n\nWould you want to babysit tonight?\n\nI would pay you
 
 and you could stay on the couch when I get home or I could pay for a cab for you..\n\nwell
 
 just figured I would ask
 
 since you are saving to go to the states..\n\nPhillip
 
 well
 
 have fun...
 
 i just wanted to know as im out with adam
 
 Apparently Marissa is going  to Milton Keys or whatever it is called to snowboard all fucking weekend. \n\nFML
 
 I would have responded ealier but I dont check this account much unless I am at work. (I'm still blocked on my main account)\n\nI am sorry for everything ok... \n\nanyways. if you want info and stuff about marissa it is easier to reach me on my main account
 
 I'm not telling anyone anything about anybody anymore I am tired of everything. \n\nanyways
 
 I finally got my tattoo
 
 the picture is on my main account if you care to see it. \n\nLet me know if there is anything I can do for you....
 
 I think that she is going on base
 
 she is showering
 
 and then she said she will be gone all weekend long. \n\nWhy do you want to know? (just curious)\n\nand I thought you weren't talking to me. *(not that I'm complaining)*
 
 is marissa on base tonight
 
 and if you do want to be with me and come to the states with me
 
 by the time you would get over to me I would already have the kids situated in daycare. so you could get a job or whatever you wanted.\nI just want to be with you...\nThe house that we were looking at with the big kitchen
 
 its not available anymore. :( but I would like to look at them with you to see if we can find another one together
 
 the house is always open if you want to stay with me. \nI would love it if you moved in. And Marissa had said something aobu teither moving in with Ryenn or Brad.\nshe is never home when I am home anyways.\nI just want to be able to wake up next to you and come home to you everyday.
 
 I want to be with you\nand make things easier\nI want to spend as much time with you as I can. \ni want to take care of the kids together
 
 curl up on teh couch and watch movies
 
 make dinner
 
 go to bed. \ni am giong to hate leaving
 
 but I will pay to have you come over to the states after I ahve been there about a month or two
 
 Marissa will be in a spare bedroom as we finalize
 
 and we can get married as soon as the divorce is finalized and tehn work on getting you permission to stay with me permentantly. I \nI am looking up all the info that is needed. \nforms
 
 papers
 
 etc.. \ni want you to not have to leave and go home\ni hate taking you back to Brandon 
 
 I miss you\n\n\nI love you and I will do anything that is needed
 
 to the best of my ability. i want to be with you all the time. i hate it when you leave. \n\nI love you\n\nPhillip
 
 Hun. this morning was hectic
 
 I did not know where you were
 
 and I had no way of knowing about your cousins' baby. I am truly sorry for that..  I knew you were stressed about court. I have been trying to make it less stressful
 
 the best I can. \n\nI did not know you got ditched
 
 all i knew is when i called your house
 
 i woke up your mom
 
 and she said you didn't come home
 
 so I had to find another person. i had warned Marissa that she needed to find a backup (not because I didnt trust you
 
 becuase my supervisor has said if she goes out she has to have 3 babysitters available)\n\nShe didn't set them up so I had to call her
 
 and she didnt bitch (somehow. lol) \n\nI am sorry
 
 I love you
 
 I was just really really stressed out this morning. and Noone knows who or what i was talking about other than you
 
 me and Marissa\n\nI was stressed and I am glad I called your house at 8am becuase it allowed enough time for Marissa to get home. \n\nI'm sorry
 
 i was stressed.\n\nI really hope you arent mad at me. i love you\n\nphillip\n\n(I'm looking at how to save money for a ring this month :D )
 
 What the Fuck?!?! Well
 
 good thing I always make a Back-up plan. No Offense
 
 but anyone who says
 
 "don't worry
 
 I'll be there" &lt;---- Makes Me Worry.... I am paranoid for a reason people. .. ... And it is obviously not for my health. But Paranoia has gotten me this far
 
 and will continue to Flourish. I hope it was a good night...... wow really well im sorry philip i didnt plan on getting ditched in newmarket with no cell or money to get home ... plus the stress of court abd ny cousins baby died yesterday not tilly he was born and only lived 2 days soo i had a great night dont point none of your status towards me ...
 
 you pick
 
 damn. what ring did you like. I can't find it?
 
 .. Love you. ..
 
 .
 
 Then call her and tell her that she does not have to come home. If you let her knwo she probably wont come home. I want you to stay
 
 and it sounds like you want to stay
 
 so just call her. (i can't very well call her from work and say 'hey hun
 
 you dont have to come home')\n\nLove you\n\nP.S. Changing your mind about moving in? lol
 
 well if she is staying in tonight im going home
 
 Why do you keep logging off? i try to get on and talk to you and you keep leaving....
 
 ?
 
 ?
 
 and I am not a douche bag\n\nyou keep logging out and stuff. \n\nMarissa is on her way home.\n\nsoo were you talking about tonight not going home? or tomorrow&gt;?
 
 oh shit sorry will you ring her and say that noone has rang about her puzzels
 
 because paranormal activity 2 wont burn to a disk and a box fell out your trash can lol
 
 ok well i just want her to call me so i know \nive had one vodka too i hope that dont piss you of and i love you so much philip . Im so happy :) the kids went down for their nap so good. after you got adam hyper i was suprised but he went to sleep right away which was strange lol... so she is going to ring before she leaves ? love you loads
 
 I called her. woke her up
 
 and pissed her off. LMFAO and told her.
 
 will you ring marissa and say lizle said will you let here know when your leaving you dont have to anytime soon just so she can have the house done by the time you get back .. heres her number 07747017310
 
 I'm leaving now. ... I forgot to ask Marissa to download Paranormal Activity 2 so we willhave to start it tonight. So we probably wont be able to watch it until this weekend. ... ....
 
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psoriasis
 
 omg you know what lol hot wings and poppers will be finelolcan we download paranormal activity 2 and something eles tonight#. im going offline for abit to see my dad he has been gone all last week ill be on later if not ill meet you out front mine ok just knock when you get here .. love you loads lizle
 
 well yeah but how would marissa get home in the morning
 
 I know we would but we can look at how much it would cost here and that before saying anything .. and if i came over tonight i would only do it if she was leaving and as soon as you get back from work i would get to go hom .. i would perfer to be home earlier thought so i can actually finsh my room
 
 So
 
 if you came over tonight
 
 I would have to take you home in the morning?
 
 she said that if you come over tonight and she leaves she wont come home early tomorrow so you would be at the house all day while I was at work.\nand she wants you to babysit this weekend \nso if you think that is too much with the kids
 
 I know that she does want this weekend so I guess not tonight then.\nI just really missed seeing you yesterday and loved sleeping next to you\njust know that if we do look at getting married before I leave we have to tell her....
 
 well im sorry i dont want to be there with the both of you because you always try to touch or kiss me while she is in the other room and you know i dont want her to know anything just yet
 
 how am I going to have a fun night? I want to be with you...
 
 well i need to know what time i can get home tomorow
 
 I would love to sleep next to you tonight. and Marissa is asking me over and over if you are going to come over... lol
 
 no i havent because i havent made my mind up yet .. umm you have work dont you or am i being asked to have the kids
 
 wanna come over tonight? and have you talked to you r mum about moving in?
 
 do you see how much they cost at the bottom wow
 
 .
 
 http://hotpads.com/rentals/7431-E-Desert-Aire-Drive-Tucson-AZ-85730--3un7k8ba5hwea#lat=32.12783336691885&amp;lon=-110.90479373931883&amp;zoom=20&amp;previewId=dmhw1agxecmh&amp;previewType=listing&amp;detailsOpen=true&amp;listingTypes=rental
 
sublet
 
room
 
corporate&amp;bedrooms=4
 
5
 
6
 
7
 
8plus&amp;highPrice=1000&amp;loan=30
 
0.0525
 
0&amp;background=hybrid
 
 get some sleep babe. (if you come over this weekend
 
 we can look at engagement rings
 
 and houses in Arizona) (if you are coming with me
 
 I want you to like the house)
 
 ok just ring me internet is making me mad and im going to get ready
 
 ok I'll rign when I get home. Sorry I got really really busy with work
 
 look if my internet is dtill down ring my house when you get home .. the internet is making me pissed . 01843 811685
 
 brb
 
 ..SOooooo frusterating
 
 because she asks me. \nshe asks me if she wants to take them somewhere. If anything we can just tel her that we are going to go out with the kids for a bit
 
 y u of ?
 
 to drive ? yes
 
 u meber i asked if i could borrow money till i get paid ?
 
 so are you going to wait till you get to the states to get your liscense?
 
 Oh I found it. It was Lisa
 
 if you read her comment it also said "you will be so proud of me" ((can you see the sister-aspect of our relationship. lol))
 
 Just so you know
 
 you have no reason to worry. I am sorry that you get jealous
 
 I will stop my comments or tell you who each person is. Just know that I do what you. Ok? You.. well.... you+1 ;)
 
 huh? It is being really crappy chat connectioned with you..\n\nSoo what do you want to do tomorrow?
 
 You still online babe?
 
 well
 
 let me know when you get home hun
 
 I noticed you were online
 
 and put "omg" and signed off. I'm confused.... are you ok?
 
 whats wrong dear?
 
 Please write me when you get online? If I miss you
 
 I will see you in about an hour (ish) \n\nCan't wait to see you babe. Mwah luv ya\n\nPhillip AKA hubby2be (if you want. :D )
 
 .Guess you aren't online. . Mwah. I will see you in the morning. ;)
 
 Sooo. we are still on for tomorrow morning?
 
 hey \nsorry my computer frozz ill see you soon love lizle...\np.s does marrisa need a babysitter at some point this weekend
 
 Can't wait to see you. "all of you" ;) lol
 
 I will talk to you whenever you get online babe. I am here if you want me
 
 for whatever you want me for. Kids
 
 husband
 
 lover
 
 etc..\n\nHopefully this will work. I will talk to you later
 
 and see you Wed morning :D\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 are yiou online?
 
 Ok have fun. .. ...
 
 im bit busy sorry
 
 . would you still want to hang out tonight or tomorrow? Just wonderin
 
 Just so you know the more you post "happy"  things
 
 the more pathetic I look
 
 \n\nand if I can see it
 
 then the Shirt can too
 
 if he wanted to look\n\nJust a thought since we have the spotlight again
 
 Just so he knows
 
 I am harmless
 
 Ok have fun hun
 
 I'll talk to you later
 
 and I would love to hang out with you again. \n\nand there is still 1 time before we hit your magic number so you dont have to worry about anything "happening"
 
 Ok have fun hun
 
 I'll talk to you later
 
 and I would love to hang out with you again. \n\nand there is still 1 time before we hit your magic number so you dont have to worry about anything "happening"
 
 If you click account
 
 then Privacy settings
 
 then at teh bottom of the page it says Block Lists
 
 (you can unblock my other account)
 
 well just so Daddy knows
 
 I do like you
 
 and would love for you to come visit when I get back stateside
 
 I wasnt trying to piss you off. If i was trying to buy you I would try harder hun. That is literally what I have planned for my life and retirement\n\nlol\n\nWhatever I did I apologize
 
 I guess I will leave you alone since you apparently blocked me on the other account. If you want to talk hit me up.\n\nttyl I guess. \n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. There is someone here who would like to help if you have any problems or just want someone to talk to.
 
 Well
 
 I am available for movies
 
 drinking
 
 etc... with nothing happening
 
 and I am still here if you guys break up. \n\nOr if you want me to dissapear and leave you alone I can do that as well.
 
 no i wasnt .. but i am now and im not going to cheat sorry to say :( xx
 
 were you in a relationship when I took you to the doctor?  just curious. I do love kissing you and would love to continue to do so
 
 if you want. :D\n\nWhat have you been up to?\n\n(you do know that if you wanted me to leave you alone you just have to ask)
 
 Ummm yeah im in a relationship now ... im sorry about sat i totaly forgot plus i was hung over i didnt realy party hard at all x
 
 ~so I have a question
 
~\n\nYour facebook page now says you are in a relationship.\n\nAre you dating someone again?\n\nIf so
 
 do I still get kisses or no? ;) \n\neven if you are dating someone
 
 I am still available to watch a movie or chill.\n\nso
 
 what have you been up to
 
 and did you have a good time partying Saturday?
 
 Ok
 
 sounds good. \n\nI just noticed that I have asked you that question like 5 times. \n\nI feel like an ass.. :(\n\nBut yea
 
 I'm gonna shut my mouth. LMAO\n\njust let me know\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 m supposed to be meeting up with few old friends but not sure yet but i will let you know ok x
 
 Well
 
 just remember you can come come chill with me tomorrow night
 
 and we can drink. I wont tell anyone. ( hehehe) \n\nit would just be nice to to get to see you. alone. \n\nJust a movie
 
 some drinks
 
 good conversation. \n\nHow's that sound?
 
 well i have appointments tomorrow .. so i would prefer to stay home tonight plus i dont feel as tho im allowed to drink .. and if i cant drink i wont be sleeping good and will be a bitch in the mornings x
 
 lol :D\n\nI was joking
 
 but I thought it was funny hun. LMAO\n\nI didn't want it to count
 
 actually. I want any chance I can get to spend time with you. :D
 
 no i dont think i am staying and it doesnt count because im not actually just hanging out with you  lol x
 
 So... you staying the night tonight after the club... Does that count as us hanging out? if so
 
 then that covers all 5.\n\nHAHAHAHA\n\nits a joke hun dont worry. .. ... :D\n\nPhillip
 
 what have you been up to today?
 
 So
 
 are you going out with Marissa tomorrow? That's what she just said.
 
 talk to me
 
 whats going on ?\n\nI would like to help out anyway I can\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 hey will you do me a favour ? x
 
 Soo.... since you are at the house and I saw you when you woke up and I will see you tonight... Does that mean that today counts on the hanging out with me and work towards the counter (if so
 
 I am at 4 hehe)? LMAO\n\nI am not expecting it to. I just thought it was funny. lol\n\n2 more times and no complaints from me. :)
 
 Mwah
 
 Marissa is going out tonight to chill with either Tim or Sparrow... Would you want to come over tonight?
 
 What do you have planned for this weekend? Marissa is Partying probably Thursday night
 
 Friday
 
 Saturday....
 
 if you wanna talk
 
 I am on this account today
 
 well try get the car so we can take them if the weather is good :)
 
 So. you still want to come over Saturday? \n\nIf so
 
 what time did you want to come over? \nI know you had talked about going to the park with the kids. Didn't know if you still wanted to do that. I would have to make sure I can get the car.
 
 This is the account that I use when I am at work. \n\nJust figured I would add you on this one in case you wanted to chat when you get bored.\n\nPhillip
 
 if you are online
 
 you can use my accoutn for the festival battle. I'm at work again.
 
 I know you love being religious Linda and we have alreays agreed that we percieve the world differently. I will never find religion
 
 and its not that I am adimantly putting it off. just in a logical
 
 scientific mindset
 
 it does not make sense to me. I know that when it comes to morality I tend to take the proverbial cake on the loosest ones
 
 even to the point that I do not agree with Hitlers 'methods' but the advances that he made in Medicine were phenomonal (not sure if you read any of them before) I think was a horrible human being and deserved the death he gave himself. but I cannot deny his advancements.\nLike I said
 
 I apologize for offending anyone
 
 but  everything was being looked at from a scientific human reaction perspective based solely on the socialogical aspects of taboo. that was all. \nSo I apologize again for any offense. 
 
 I want to apologize for speaking out in anger this morning. I had no right to bring that up and especially on a public forum such as FB. Having said that
 
 I will also say that I believe your actions were incredibly stupid and I still believe those kind of actions were done because you believe there is no God so whatever you feel is morally sound is fine. Obviously when you made the proposition to Roxanne
 
 you thought it was OK even though there are many reasons why you shouldn't have done it.  \nYou risked upsetting Rox
 
 her husband
 
 upsetting me and Parke
 
 not to mention you jeopardized your job! Since we can both acknowledge you are highly intelligent
 
 yet you didn't stop to "think" about any of that
 
 can you say it was very WISE of you? So then
 
 intelligence AND wisdom are entirely different matters. \nMight I suggest you read up on Josh McDowell. He was an atheist who arrogantly set out to prove that God and particularly Christianity was a farce. 
 
 As I said
 
 I am sorry if any offense was taken by anyone.
 
 Apparently that particular event was not explained as I explained it after the fact. While I admit it was misplaced. the whole purpose was a Sociological experiment
 
 which I  explained in detail to her. I am sorry for offending anyone
 
 as that was not the intention.  \nThe overall thought process was to see how individuals reacted when propositioned with a stereotypical taboo scenerio. This could not be accomplished if she was informed of the sociological aspect initially. I will admit that I am more intelligent than I am wise
 
 but without knowing both sides or the story
 
 or at least all of one side
 
 the comment is out of context. 
 
 Good night Phil.
 
 You are taking a singular person saying that they didnt sign that against a company with the documentation that he did.  IF you can provide his contract without an ethic code agreement
 
 then he should be reinstated.. But... IF he cannot... and he did sign an agreement
 
 then He Voluntarily gave up that portion of his right
 
 thus
 
 making it not censorship
 
 If you want to think NPR is right in doing this
 
 that's your choice. I don't agree
 
 and I see too much evidence to back my argument. You did not convince me otherwise
 
 and obviously I didn't change your mind. I think its wrong for news outlets to decide what their people can and cannot say. I think the day when we as Americans shrug our shoulders and say
 
 "Eh
 
 they can do that
 
 " we risk the chance of censorship. \n\nI was born where you now live; I lived in Greece for two years. I have many friends all over the world. I know what socialism looks like and I don't want it here in the US. \n\nGood night
 
 Phil.
 
 NPR stated
 
 "His remarks on The O'Reilly Factor this past Monday were inconsistent with our editorial standards and practices
 
 and undermined his credibility as a news analyst with NPR
 
" the statement read.\n\nIf he did not hold their standards. they have EVERY right to fire him
 
 I do not have to prove it is constitutional if you do not have to prove it is not. and you have to realize I am a Kansan also..
 
 Once again you fail to base your argument on facts.\n1. Juan Williams had nothing in his contract that prevented him form stating his feelings on NPR or any other news outlet.\n2. Military and and Federal employee's DO sign a contract that prevents them from exposing sensitive material. \n\nOh BTW
 
 we dumb redneck Kansasans know more than you obviously give us credit for. I notice you have YET to give anything to prove this IS constitutional
 
 or that Juan Williams was under contract in the first place. \nFace it
 
 Phil
 
 you got nothing!
 
 By him signing the contract he agreed to it. and. It has not been deemed unconstitutional by a court
 
 thus
 
 making it constitutional. \n\nJust because you
 
 or even everyone on in Kansas "thinks" something is unconstitutional does not mean that is true.\n\nBy ASSUMING that this situation is unconstitutional
 
 you are saying that you think soldiers signing up for the military and our verbal restrictions is unconstituntional. there is not difference in the stance that the company is taking vs the Federal Government's stance with soldiers employment
 
 Phil
 
 \nIs this constitutional? I think not; and therefore
 
 it is against the law of the land.
 
 Journalistic ethics code....\nWhile various existing codes have some differences
 
 most share common elements including the principles of \u2014 truthfulness
 
 accuracy
 
 objectivity
 
 impartiality
 
 fairness and ****public accountability**** \u2014 as these apply to the acquisition of newsworthy information and its subsequent dissemination to the public.[3][4][5][6]\n\nLike many broader ethical systems
 
 journalism ethics include the principle of "limitation of harm." This often involves the withholding of certain details from reports such as the names of minor children
 
 crime victims' names or information not materially related to particular news reports release of which might
 
 for example
 
 harm someone's reputation.[7][8]\n\nSomeones reputation (in this case
 
 HIS!)  As a journalist
 
 he should know when he should hold his tongue..
 
 As earlier mentioned
 
 Juan states nothing of this sort was ever mentioned in his contract
 
 I know very well the military makes their position quite clear on this matter.\n\nSorry
 
 but trying to link these two situations together is very sloppy IMHO. So far you have not made any valid point in your position here. Juan Williams
 
 did NOT jeopardize the lives of anyone
 
 civilian or otherwise
 
 wiki-whoose did. Mr. Williams was practicing his right of free speech the traitor was putting the lives of other soldiers in grave danger. Furthermore
 
 Juan Williams did not operate in secret
 
 the traitor did.\n\nIf Juan Williams speech was worthy of getting the ax
 
 why aren't more journalists fired? Or do you think its time we start weeding out all the journalists who dare to say things we don't agree with? \nI mean
 
 where does it stop? When do "we" decide what's acceptable speech
 
 and who gets to decide?
 
 Merely stating that by accepting his particular job he willingly accepts the ethics code enforced by that company (which he violated) \n\nAnd the WikiLeaks person is also trying to envoke the 1st amendment which is why they correlate.
 
 So now you are comparing Juan Williams remarks to treason!?
 
 When you are talking about the fact that he knew that being a journalist would require  him to admit and submit to certain ethical guidelines
 
 the loss of freedom of speech correlates to how much he wanted that job to begin with. \n\nAs a military member
 
 I am limited in what I can and cannot say.\n\nAlso
 
 if you think he should not be fired
 
 do you believe that the person responsible for wikileaks. (the guys who leaked classified documents to the public) becuase the "had the right to know" thus causing MILLIONS of soldiers lives to be put at risk should not get in trouble???
 
 How much freedom of speech are you willing to lose?
 
 Even though he stated that racial profiling is wrong the fact that he admitted to religious profiling publically is also wrong. He admitted that he was nervous whenever someone that visibally looked muslim boarded a plane was completely out of place when he holds a place of power as respected journalist do.
 
 I'm not all that sure you are correct in believing a news organization has the right to fire one of its commentators for saying things they personally do not agree with. Especially in this specific case. Juan Williams spent the most of his time chastising Bill O'Reilly for his comments made a few days ago generalizing Muslims. The point NPR fired Mr. Williams on was on a fragment of one sentence where he admitted when he's on a plane and a obvious Muslim gets on board he gets nervous. He then went on to say that assuming ALL Muslims are terrorist is wrong. \nConsidering his points were condemning racial profiling
 
 I think NPR reacted irrationally.
 
 Claims are one thing. Do you think that a multi million dollar company would faultily fire an employee that is already largely covered in the mass media? As a journalist everything that you say
 
 directly correlates to the company in which you are employed
 
 and a company cannot be looked at for being politically incorrect. \n\nBy the first ammendment he can say anything that he wants
 
 but that does not mean that they have to keep him on the staff.
 
 Why wasn't that mentioned in his contract? Juan claims it wasn't.
 
 As a journalist
 
 you sign away certain speech liberties
 
 which he broke by speaking personal thoughts on a national interview. that is why he was fired.
 
 loved the pictures. :)
 
 your a punk!!!!
 
 .
 
 sorry
 
 left work.
 
 or are you not going to talk to me?
 
 Busy?
 
 How are you?
 
 :P
 
 Boo you
 
 Boo!
 
 depends on what?
 
 ohh.. he wants more babies? \nwell
 
 maybe I can help ;)\nROFLMFAO
 
 sorry boss came over... :(
 
 .go offline. :P :P :P
 
 Hello?
 
 I've called you four times today
 
 call me
 
 yeah i know when adams birthday is
 
 not something you have to remind me of.
 
 tomorrow is adams birthday
 
 Ive gor it
 
 last week I was sick and now i've  got a tooth infection that's put me on my ass.  Nauses as hell and havebt got up most the day. Can I call tomorrow. And ill ger that taken care of as soon as I can
 
 Let me know when you get my package
 
 Yeah last night and ok just let ne know when
 
  I think you're getting ready to daylight save?
 
 Its
 
  942 pm here
 
 Ya
 
 you can call tomorrow evening
 
 I'd really like to talk to the kids soon. Are yiu getting your phone back on?
 
 Ok awesome cause grandma got the Lego type thing transformer and mom was talking about getting him two others as well. And ok about Saundra good to know
 
 you hadn't said anything about her and barbies so I didn't know.
 
 Saundra likes both.   and Adam likes transformers. Especially the ones that can be taken entirely apart. lol  but yes
 
 he likes them because they change
 
 What does Adam want for Christmas? Does he like transformers? Saundra prefers baby dolls over barbie dolls right.
 
 kk when I get a chance I'll send it to you. I'll need you to get it signed
 
 notarized and send it back to me so I can do the same. 
 
 No I don't even have a computer.
 
 do you have a printer?
 
 phone got turned off
 
 so you can only get me on here
 
 happy birthday punk 
 
 can you see the pic in this message? its a collage of Saundra my mum put together. \nand I have the outline for her fairy princess castle done pics up now. We're having her party today
 
 so we'll take pictures\n
 
 Tell him I love him
 
 Ok I will you know I want to talk to them
 
 ~adam~  i likemommy i want you to call tomorrow. please\n
 
 then
 
 You may have to start calling them on Nikki's phone
 
 Ok thanks. I hope it's early I have to go to bed early. I've got to get up at 330 for work. My schedule is pretty much gonna be up at 330 from now on
 
 so I'm gonna have to start calling them earlier.
 
 cuz I didnt hear from you yesterday
 
 I'll txt you when I get out of work today so you can call the kids. 
 
 to work
 
 got in at 4am this morning
 
 sorry 
 
 I'm been working all week. 
 
 Ok
 
 tutoring
 
 ill be busy tues and thurs
 
 Well if you can actually text me and tell me when's good. You never do though. So I don't know. I mean I could call tonight
 
 but I'm not sure how long I'll be awake
 
 I'm exhausted. 
 
 I didn't figure you would be able to call the kids last night
 
 just trying to figure out when this week you would be able to call them?
 
 Just outside of Joplin
 
 should be in lv around 2 or 3 today. Why?
 
 you back in ks yet?
 
 There's a newer one on my Facebook of them eating
 
 Can you send me a picture of the babies together? I miss them and really wanna see a new picture. I'm gonna save for a bus ticket as soon as I get another job. I wanna see them so bad.
 
 ADAM\nmommy i cut my clothes so daddy cut my favorite shirt. i love mommy
 
 k?
 
 kk well think if you need / 'want' anything from me deary
 
 Ttyl I'm getting closer to San Antonio. 
 
 I've been busy. one of the cars broke
 
 and I had to write my appeal
 
 theres alwasy a bathroom. 
 
 Ok
 
 you waited so long you may have to wait longer
 
 not like I'll have privacy now
 
 I'll be on a couch.
 
 I will
 
 I'll save for a bus and hotel.
 
 I'll text you when I get off work about the rest of the photos
 
 Another start hopefully my last. 
 
 well let me know when you can come visit the kiddos
 
 sounds like fun. 
 
 lol 
 
 So I went through San Angelo
 
 weird going through it. And I have been thinkin on it for almost 2 months a couple friends moved back there and invited me. I was suppose to wait
 
 but I couldn't take lv any more.
 
 so.. why victoria?
 
 sowhen can you get over to visit then?
 
 I just started talking to her Case manager yesterday. so its still new
 
 Nope not really
 
 you never said anything about it.
 
 and no
 
 I'm fine
 
 so since you're moving that doesnt help if I was going to try and bring adam and saundra with me. lol so they could see you. lol
 
 Just asking
 
 Don't think you're taking on to much? 
 
 Oh wow
 
 I might have to come to Kansas around August to go to court and pick them up. if all goeswell
 
 I might be getting custody of my sisters kids. 
 
 What?
 
 ? umm ok?
 
 Moving to Victoria.
 
 what you doin in Texas?  headed over to Az? lol
 
 and whos getting tornado warnings? I haven't seen any. but I dont keep as up to date on Ks as I should
 
 WHered you go?
 
 mkj_fairy90@yahoo.co.uk   is the email you used. I just sent the pass word to the email account but I dont know that password to the email account. your login info should bei n that email
 
 hola
 
 You there hun??
 
 hey hun
 
 Smile
 
 Didnt
 
 Did say anything. But any way.
 
 :'( you probably love it
 
 but its sad for me. 
 
 oh... and btw. I lost everything. it was all on the phone. I lost the memory card when the phone got ran over. 
 
 k 
 
 Well we haven't exactly talked and I dont like talkin on here
 
 you figure out anything on what we talked about?
 
 k
 
 Just not comfortable is all. I feel awkward.
 
 why?
 
 I want you to be there when I call
 
 I'll just wait till you get your phone
 
 around 5pm
 
 but I'll be working on both of the cars until like 9pm
 
 or
 
 I'll be picking up the new van. We are having a whole Shit load of car issues currently (tax season) lol
 
 K
 
 when will you be home?
 
 520-270-9386 is nikki's
 
 Some time this week
 
 Its a busy week for me
 
 with work stuff. 
 
 I don't have nikkis number
 
 when are you gettin the phone?
 
 if you want you can call tomorrow. on nikki'snumber
 
 I shoudl have a new phone ina couple days. 
 
 Can't call the kids can I?
 
 hello&gt;?
 
 anywho... did you get a chance to think about the stuff we talked about lats night?
 
 ?
 
 Oh my god thank you thank you thank
 
 that will make them so happy!!! Thank you that will help them so much
 
 02/04/2013  02/01/2013 Grandma $100.00  \nscheduled a payment to your grandparents.
 
 you online?
 
 you there hun?
 
 you have anything in mind?
 
 i've thougt about them. but to be honest i need money more now then i do bras
 
 i have to get a car. 
 
 have you thought about the pictures?
 
 :P
 
 http://finance.yahoo.com/news/three-simple-ways-grow-federal-164348950.html\n\nRead:  good info to know. 
 
 why not?
 
 No video
 
 smile :)
 
 what do you think?
 
 :)
 
 and possibly a short video 
 
 types
 
 number etc.. I would love some more. 
 
 K I will
 
 ok
 
 well let me know what you think about pictures. 
 
 I gotta go get the rest of my stuff now though
 
 so gotta get off here. Thank you
 
 Ok
 
 that's fine
 
 how does that sound?
 
 K
 
 I'm mor einterested in photos when/if I have money. 
 
 Yeah
 
 we'll just see if I'm ever back in town
 
 not pushing
 
 obviously
 
 since I'm not there. 
 
 Not likely
 
 I'm not sleeping with anyone for a long time.
 
 Didn't say would
 
 so don't take it wrong
 
 if I ever make it back up to ks
 
 i could always giv eyou a lot of money if I ever have it. lol 
 
 But I do
 
 if you don't have work
 
 then the kids could suffer. I just worry
 
 you konw you dont have to worry anyways. 
 
 Not really. I've just gotta get my life together. It would help if you keep me updated on what your doing work wise. I'd like to be informed when you decide what your doing. I wouldn't worry about the kids that way.
 
 anything I can do to help hun? mwah.. I know money will help some
 
 but I meant other than that. 
 
 Thank you
 
 k. I'll  budget it into taxes. 
 
 Everything is weird right now. My life's upside down.
 
 Remember
 
 u said ud give grandma at least 50$
 
 any who.. hows everything else going hun?
 
 figure out what we want to do. 
 
 Ok
 
 well if I have any money left after taxes we can talk. if you want.. .. 
 
 Shitty on money and yeah that's what I'm doing. Going to see if I can get lasic done too.
 
 and.. how are you doing on money? :)
 
 I'd make as many appointments as possible. you know that when I get taxes bqack I'm drawing the papers back up
 
 Ok
 
 thank you.
 
 1349
 
 What's your last four? I'm having a brain fart and need to make a doctors appointment.
 
 smile hun ;)
 
 and tell your grandma I said happy birthday
 
 let me know whenyou want to call to talk to them
 
 I'm sorry
 
 I have an alarm that goes off on my phone
 
 it's not like I don't want to talk to them. And u were suppose to call me Monday. So don't even.
 
 because it sounded like you had time yesterday
 
 let me know when you are going to call the kids.
 
 you can.. you just dont want to lol :P
 
 ok
 
 but i can't do pictures so it really doesn't matter.
 
 157$ available on VS
 
 hey hun
 
 try to find somewhere you can get to a webcam and skype. maybe you can see the kids like that sometime
 
 ttyl
 
  and I'm calling Mikey when I get off work?
 
 maybe we can figure something out then to help you out financially
 
 ok. well try to see when you can come see them  or vice versa or whatnot. 
 
 ok. well try to see when you can come see them  or vice versa or whatnot.maybe we can figure something out then to help you out financiallyttyl
 
  and I'm calling Mikey when I get off work?.
 
 any way. i have to go help grandpa
 
 so i'm gonna get off of here
 
 no i don't
 
 because it sounds like you want to
 
 yeah
 
 but i can't do it
 
 think about it. it would be an easy way to get your phone back and not have to worry about it
 
 i saw the soda
 
 and no i can't consider it
 
 sorry
 
 look at my new pics on my wall (shows the soda. lol)
 
 that way you would have a phone
 
 depending on how much it is. if we negotiated a deal?
 
 well would that be something you would consider?
 
 but i need at&amp;t prepaid
 
 i haven't found out how much that is yet
 
 cause well
 
 i'm broke
 
 I could buy you minutes. lol (and the plan I used to be on was you buy an unlimited card each month $50)
 
 not funny and i don't need a phone i need a plan
 
 buy you a phone&gt;? lol
 
 so.. what coul dI do do get you to do the pictures?
 
 or i would have a phone by now
 
 he isn't working atm. he is gonna be working at snowcreek
 
 but is still working on a job till then
 
 just for the kids. 
 
 nothing else
 
 lol 
 
 have your bf buy you a little prepaid phone
 
 can you call michaels phone later? when you get off or after the kids eat. i'll get busy and space. i know that sounds bad. its just not having a phone makes me space alot.
 
 how could I get you to do the pictures?
 
 no shit. lol
 
 please
 
 lol
 
 ahh
 
 well try really hard.
 
 but.. like I said.. dick. lol   the AF is downsizing again so I have to convince him to change his mind
 
 Yes 
 
 and my retest I scored over a 90%
 
 sorry spacing what its called
 
 are you on that specail pt thing? the health waver thingy
 
 (as is usual with me)
 
 because my failed PT tests cuz og my shins. looks bad. so basically being a dick. 
 
 why wont he?
 
 and my commander said he isn't going to let me reenlist
 
 so I basically am trying to convince him to let me before next June
 
 i need to get back as much as possible.
 
 ok let me know
 
 see which was better in the long run
 
 or we could actually file seperately (I'd have to run the numbers)
 
 story time i guess
 
 and we can file and look at what you would get back for your stuff. 
 
 I dont know. I have to get approved.. (long story)
 
 oh and are you reuping?
 
 i mean
 
 the divorce isn't going to have gone through by then.
 
 i figured we would file together. and i would get a fourth again. if that is ok.
 
 well i have had a job this year. so i will get more back in my part of taxes. 
 
 and what did you have in mind for taxes?
 
 and let me know if you want to do the pics. whenever
 
 I'm crazier than I was also.  I'm seeing 3 psychologists and a psychiatrist
 
 and they are giong to send me to a neurologist. lol
 
 oh we need to figure out soon how we are going to do taxes
 
 i'm a bit crazier now
 
 lol. and i would know. it would eat at me and i would feel horrible
 
 you know that stuff eats at me and i feel like the worst person on earth.
 
 and I handled your crazy and your family too. lol
 
 not like he would know
 
 he somehow handles my crazyness and my crazy family
 
 lol
 
 no nothin
 
 and i don't wanna mess up my realationship with brian.i really think this one will work.
 
 no camera?
 
 can't do pics
 
 I can try to make 50$ magically appear from my empty budget if you wanted to.
 
 hopefully will get hired at snowcreek though
 
 i'm paying credit card bills and dont have much else.
 
 how are you on money?
 
 it takes time
 
 and dedication
 
 and research extreme couponing on youtube and watch some of that tv series to see if you are even interested
 
 (coop)
 
 go to www.bountifulbaskets.org and see if there is a location around you
 
 ?
 
 and look up if we have coop thingy
 
 how do i do extreme couponing?
 
 as long as we can both be healthy with them
 
 i don't care who is healthier
 
 i just wan tthem healthy butthead
 
 and there is noly   like 2 lbs of carrots left
 
 and the two baskets were gone in a week
 
 as well as 2 baskets from the coop
 
 we got a 25 lb bag of carrots and a 19 pound box of pineapple last week
 
 i doubt it. maybe when i was with ryenn
 
 but i have become even healther of an eater.
 
 I am probably more healthy with them than you 
 
 its crazy. and thank you for still being healthy with them. you know how important that is to me.
 
 (the kids dont drink soda at all. that is just a 10 month supply for the adults)
 
 I got 284 2liters for 75$ and I got 104 packets of Koolaid for 13$
 
 its just that i am mommy
 
 as long as nikki is ok with that i mean.
 
 i'm ok with that. she is a huge part of her life. 
 
 I started extreme couponing. (if you dont know what that is Youtube it)  look at my new picture
 
 she normally says momma or mommanikki
 
 im just upset. not pissy. and try having her call her mama
 
 not mommy. i'm ok with mama
 
 thats what i called my step mom. and that is fine
 
 because nikki is there and is her mama. but i wanna stay mommy.
 
 Whether you believe me or not
 
 we do try to correct her
 
 and most of the time its mommanikki. but its getting to the point where she gets pissed off when she is corrected. We are trying
 
 so dont get pissy
 
 have you gotten a phone yet&gt;?
 
 you have access to a cell phone with a camera?
 
 you didn't call on sunday?
 
 You can call. Adam misses you and had another meltdown today
 
 are you there? 
 
 Hope all goes well for you today hun.\n\nMWAH!  Lol
 
 what did you want to talk about specifically on the divorce stuff?
 
 ok... well adam wont be home from school until like 3 here.. so 5-530 your time
 
 hey i'm sorry about yesterday. i'll try and call today if i can get ahold of someones phone.
 
 if you are online you can call and talk to me if you wan.t..
 
 you there?
 
 so where is this new topic coming from? honestly...
 
 :P
 
 we are going to be broke broke for awhile.  so if you neeeeed something let me know and we will see if we can work it out
 
 otherwise.. I can't help you out for awhile.
 
 i know just got it
 
 thanked her for it. its really sweet of her to do that.
 
 nikki sent you a link to the kids new pics
 
 been working all week. haven't had a day off. new job.
 
 Hello?  WHere have you been?
 
 good morning
 
 goooood morning
 
 kk I'll call now
 
 and my joke from earlier... I'm assuming you got the joke and reference? lol
 
 9135473440
 
 whats your moms phone?
 
 I'll try
 
 and (input bad joke about alternate source of income)  
 
 please share my jewelry if possible. i'm trying to start selling it again. i hate my freakin job and its got my anxiety through the roof
 
 im making myself sick. so i really want to quit. but i have to have another source of income. so please and if you could have other people share it as well. thank you\n\ncall my moms phone tonight please so i can talk to the kids.
 
 you get your phone back?
 
 on mobile? lol
 
 :P
 
 When you get a chance
 
 check out the pic I shared on my wall. its about Weboro Baptist Church
 
 I think you'll like it. lol
 
 http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151013462519866&amp;set=oa.206632892735439&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf lol
 
 we can't get the keys until Monday afternoon because non of the places are open Saturday that have to do with the house
 
 Meza bored...
 
 HEy girly girl
 
 you haven't texted me :P ;)
 
 morning deary
 
 :P
 
 you off work?
 
 okey dokey
 
 have fun hun. ttyl. ;)
 
 Ok
 
 I'll look on the computer
 
 thanks
 
 back to work I go
 
 of the kiddos
 
 I sent you two pictures on that fb message
 
 What
 
 Nikki just uploaded some
 
 so I stole these really quick. 
 
 well I'm sorry your phone is weird. I didn't know that now did I?  WHats going on now?
 
 I didn't get the freakin message
 
 my phones weird. Whatever not really in the mood 
 
 :P why?  when you dont ever respond to literal questions.. then I send stupid smilies. 
 
 Would u stop with tge smilies please
 
 :P
 
 Hey girly
 
 whered you get hired?
 
 Hey girly.... MWAH!  hows it going?
 
 hey
 
 hey
 
 hey woman
 
 Hey hun. :) just got a house. :D
 
 hows your day going deary?
 
 thanks hun. \nmwah!   
 
 ill try
 
 sorry i don't pay attention
 
 try to only send game stuff to A Phillip Johnson please hun. Thank you :)\nMWAH!  hehe
 
 hows everything going?
 
 http://www.positiveparentingthroughdivorce.com/online_course.htm\nI checked with them and it works for kansas. so just say you will do it
 
 and I will pay
 
 you do it
 
 and mail it to me so I can finish this damn thing
 
 its starting to effect my work now
 
 They want it over
 
 that way we both fulfill the requirements for our case to go to final hearing
 
 I'm taking the Arizona class in person. 
 
 it'll be like 60$ and since I'm paying it you better do it. I'm  getting more info o it now
 
 just letting you know
 
 I found an online class fo ryou to take that will suffice for the Kansas requirrements for the Divorce education class
 
 We aren't in Boise and can't get there. He and I will find a car
 
 so don't worry about it. Thanks
 
 http://boise.craigslist.org/cto/2867428931.html
 
 http://boise.craigslist.org/cto/2874385415.html\ncheck craigslist for cars
 
 in the area
 
 I can help but you have to let me know what you are looking for.. (and make him be sensible/practical)
 
 not sure how long you check this
 
 but how much money do you guys have. I'm not going to have any money till I get payed on Friday and there is no way to instantly get you money on Friday since I'll be driving
 
 and I'm still a little annoyed on the you wanting to claim adam this year since you had barely any financial obligation to him
 
 I'll text later
 
 but it would be financially good if I filed joint with you and the kids
 
 (SHOWED YOU A COPY OF THE RETURN) and gave you your money and adams...
 
 I'll text you later
 

 
 but we need to talk about Taxes. I ran the numbers today.. we are looking at losing literally thousands of dollars if we file seperately
 
 grrrr. just found out that December 30th is a duty day so I have to take leave now.... 
 
 boo :P
 
 did you get the pictures I emailed?
 
 I don't wanna do it that way cause I don't think u would pay me. To be honest 
 
 :P
 
 then.... whatever I get 'over' what you would get could go to the bill I owe you. 
 
 does the Tax stuff sound like a plan? Checking to see what I would get claiming adam  vs. you claiming him. 
 
 Yes got the messages and haven't got anywhere with signatures not until Monday hopefully
 
 you get my message from yesterday about taxes? and how far have you gotten on the signatures? just wondering
 
 oh. and we should check around tax time to see who would get more money for adam
 
 because you may not qualify for Earned Income Credit
 
 and I might. (if its still around)
 
 If thats the case
 
 it would make more sense for me to claim him and send you the money. as opposed to you claiming him and getting less. 
 
 I want it mailed a certain way so we can make sure it gets from point A-B  and be glad I didn't ask for signature receipt
 
 thats 20$
 
 Look u r the one who wants it mailed a certain way. I don't have a job so all of our money is going to bills and there's nothing left. And it's called a money order I already said that. 
 
 and we have to figure out how I'm going to send it to you
 
 since you dont' trust me to have your account number to send it to you
 
 but make sure you get it signed so that I can get it back as soon as you get the money. 
 
 but we are pretty tight on money as well
 
 Ok
 
 well then I guess you are waiting till the 15th so I can send you like 50$
 
 make sure its notarized before then. you can do it on base at the legal office
 
 I can't afford ten dollars we literally have no money. 
 
 I sent the divorce papers
 
 go to USPS.com and the tracking number is 70100780000094162399  and that should help you know when its going to get there. Please please please when you send it back
 
 send it certified mail. it costs like 10 bucks but we can see where it is going and make sure it gets from point A-B (make sure you send back 2 copies
 
 and you keep one for your records) this is not something I want to reaccomplish.
 
 K
 
 figured I'd tell you
 
 I'm going to an appointment to see about gettting the kids screened for autism again
 
 and if there is any delay I'll start them in a program
 
 I did send it to you
 
 the first chance I got. like 10 minutes ago. my home account is locked so I had to wait till I was at work. and you will probably think that I'm being an asshole but the email I sent you is specific. 
 
 i need your les
 
 you said you were going to send it to me. i know i'm probably being a bitch
 
 but you did say you would help.\n
 
 but. if I get it off
 
 we will figure out what you owe me\nand we still have to find a time to do pictures... but go take the bed apart
 
 TOURIST PASSPORT\n (Tourist passports take APPROXIMATELY 8-12 weeks to process)\nNOTE:  UK VISAS CANNOT GO IN TOURIST PASSPORTS!!\n\n\nThese instructions are for:\n1.\tFirst time passports \n2.\tRenewal passports\n3.\tRenewing passport older than 15 years\n4.\tLost or stolen passport\n\n\nITEMS REQUIRED FOR APPOINTMENT:\n\u2022\tDS-11 or DS-82 (Passport Wizard will generate correct form from questions answered)\n\u2022\t2 photos \u2013 FROM ELECTRIC AVENUE ON LAKENHEATH \n\u2022\tMilitary ID card\n\u2022\tExpired passport (IF RENEWING)\n\u2022\tALL PASSPORTS in your possession \n\u2022\tProof of U.S Citizenship (Originals ONLY) Birth Certificate
 
 CRBA or Naturalization Certificate\n\u2022\tProof of name change (if applicable) (Marriage Certificate
 
 Divorce Decree
 
 Court order changing name.\n\u2022\tDS 3053 \u2013 STATEMENT OF CONSENT is required for all minors (under 16 yrs) when a parent is not in country to sign (i.e. divorce
 
 legal separation)\n\u2022\tPayment:  PAYMENT MUST BE EXACT AMOUNT\no\tMoney Order (made payable to \u201cU.S. Disbursing Officer\u201d)  OR\no\tCredit Card (have card with you at appointment)\no\tADULT FIRST TIME ISSUANCE:  $135\no\tADULT RENEWAL:  $110\no\tALL MINOR PASSPORTS:  $105\n\nNote 1:\n\u2022\tPassport application must be typed and printed from the following link:  \n\u2022\thttp://travel.state.gov/passport/forms/forms_847.html\t\n\u2022\tApplications from any other source will not be accepted.\n\u2022\tAll addresses must be physical residences.  NO APO ADDRESSES.\n\u2022\tUse the following address for \u201cMailing Address\u201d (Block 6 of application ONLY)\nSTREET/RFD:  \t100 FSS/FSMPS RAF MILDENHALL\nCITY:\t\tBURY ST EDMUNDS SUFFOLK\nZIPCODE:\tIP288NG\nIN CARE OF:\tUK\nUse your local resident or home of record address for \u201cPermanent Address\u201d\n\u2022\tBLOCK 17 MUST BE YOUR PHYSICAL ADDRESS (LOCAL)\n\u2022\tApplication MUST INCLUDE travel plans.  If you don\u2019t have any
 
 please use following default:\no\tDATE OF TRIP:  2 MONTHS FROM THE DATE OF APPLICATION COMPLETED\no\tDURATION OF TRIP: 2 WEEKS\no\tCOUNTRIES TO BE VISITED:  UNITED STATES  \n\n\u2022\tFor PREVIEW
 
 you are encouraged to send completed application &amp; contact phone # to the 100 FSS/PASSPORT OFFICE org box.  You will be contacted within 48 hours for appointment scheduling. \n\nIf you have any questions or concerns
 
 please feel free to contact the PASSPORT/VISA OFFICE at DSN 238-2858 or 238-3490. \n
 
 http://www.uspassportnow.com/     try that... 
 
 I  don't have a clue.. haven't seen it for awhile...
 
 hey i am looking for the plug to the bottum of the his and hers pig. do you know where it is.
 
 
 
 just so you know I sent the  1925 to your grandma and told her to move it to your account...\n\nI hope to god you went to your damn appointment today. I tried to call you like 15 fucking times yesterday!
 
 I hope its all alright.. check your email... I sent you what the Divorce site sent me.
 
 i don't know whats wrong yet. i'm scared
 
 cramping and bleeding
 
 but they haven't called saying anything is wrong. i go in tomorrow to get more blood work and then have a doctors appointment on friday.
 
 have you been wanting Orange Juice?\n\njust asking because I just drank a whole container. lol
 
 http://www.kdheks.gov/vital/download/vs211_court_paternity_consent.pdf\n\n^^ that is the Kansas Form... ^^\n\nAccording to Ohio 
 
 I can assume paternity until he is 23 so we shouldn't have issues... I will try to see on Tuesday if the people here can do it. If not
 
 we will see what has to be happen......
 
 It might help to inform me i'm going kid shopping before you go do it. lol\n\ncatch me off guard...\n\noh
 
 and it looks like you will have to move back in for a bit.. I will try to make it go quick
 
 but I can't retest until the 25th
 
 So I will probably need you to move back in like the 20th (or around then)
 
 so if you want to talk
 
  get online. lol
 
 But yes
 
 it looks like you willhave to move back in for a bit after Lizle leaves. I am trying to hurry everything up ok
 
 I can only go as fast as they let me for testing...\n\nPlease try and figure out the doctor stuff..
 
 ok we will figure out at time
 
 You'll need to come to the house and we can see if we can get it all done. .... it will probably be lengthy... but hey... it would give you a reason to be at the house. :) lol
 
 Lizle told me you did Correct Adam.... I'm sorry for jumping.. I heard it from upstairs but didn't hear you correct him..\n\nThank you..
 
 .  How is everything?\n\nI think Lizle is going to be gone all night tomorrow
 
 if you wanted to come over.... Let me know. \nI would like to talk as soon as possible
 
 On Febuary 25th (next friday) I have an appointment on base with my 1st Shirt... Just letting you know
 
 I dont knwo what time yet...\nAlso
 
 starting Monday
 
 Every Mon
 
 Wed
 
 Fri I have to go to the Track on Mildenhall.... I'll let you know about the times...
 
 Apparently you couldn't wait!
 
 .did you think of some HUGE way to make me 'consider' changing my mind?\n\n(we both know you would have already hung up
 
 turned off your phone
 
 and shown up late
 
 just to screw me over)
 
 Sorry
 
 pictures of you partying tend to ruin my day................
 
 I have just been trying to empty that list
 
 since the stuff left has been there forever. and trying to get some actual time for me (and I have the Tattoo and poker on Tuesday) but that doesnt even begin to make up even
 
 yea
 
 I'm in trouble.\nGot ordered to buy an alarm clock (since that was teh story) and after this weekend no more going out when I am working
 
 i sent them again
 
 to your work email. let me know if you get them
 
 NOTHING THERE (on either one)\n\n\nso what did you want me to see
 
 and then you logged off???
 
 wow. I am allowed to pick on you
 
 I didn't say anything vulgar or to piss you off. so Calm down
 
 I am sorry ok
 
 it got to the point that I was taking whatever you would let me get. basically anything that was quick
 
 so you could leave. \n\nIt got to the point that that was all I was getting. I would like a quicky upstairs
 
 in a bed. that doesnt have to be like 1 minute long.\n\nanyways. .. ...
 
 i am not talking to you anymore tonight
 
 i have been trying to get into a better mood so even if you write i will probably nto reply.
 
 yeah as far as i know that is all. and you don't really have a chance at anything for a little while
 
 because i am sick of getting hurt and i am not going to feel like a fucking whore all the damn time. i am sick of feeling used and sick of being used and sick period. you really don't want to start in on the u getting fucking lucky or whatever because you are really not going to like what i have to say about the way you treat me with sex.
 
 ok so do I get to go out one night this weekend and drink? (didn't think so)\n\nanyways. I do not want to  piss you
 
 I want some chance of somethig tonight possibly. \n\nI need the magic erasers
 
 is that all?
 
 i know thank you very fucking much. ihaven't said anything about the shift time change thing. ok
 
 so stop. no i probably wouldn't like it very much
 
 but i will deal with it. and leave my statuses the fuck alone. i know you need a break
 
 i have been trying. so get off my fucking case.
 
 no you don't have a choice if they do
 
 and I don't have a reason to ask them not to
 
 becuase "sorry but that would interrupt my wife's partying" wouldnt go over very well. \n\nand in regards to your status. (I NEED A DAMN BREAK)
 
 i'm sorry i am not going to act like we are married"did stuff watched movies" sorry no
 
 its not going to happen. i have been helping on a regular basis. you know doing all the dishes and doing laundry and clearing out the house. so yeah. i really hope they don't move shifts
 
 but i don't exactly have a choice if they do.
 
 have you even looked at the  SHIT you have me deal with? THEY are SERIOUSLY looking at moving shifts to 7-7 .   so that would mean I would have to leave the house at 6. So you would have to be home at 530am. \n\nI do clean
 
 and I have been attempting to do more. But I need some help on a regular basis.  You are always gone and partying. \n\nYesterday was nice. you were home
 
 we cleaned
 
 did stuff
 
 ate
 
 watched a movie.  It was nice.
 
 you did not and have not cleaned everything
 
 i don't think you have ever done his room all the way like i have. you know cleaning up his shit when he does that
 
 nope you don't really do that. vacuum
 
 nope you don't ever do that. pick up his toys
 
 nope don't really do that. so don't tell me you have cleaned it up completely. but i don't want to deal with this anymore. if you don't start cleaning up all the way
 
 then you will not like me. because i am done doing it all. you can clean while you are home too. you can cook them dinner and what not just as easily as i can. so i guess we get to see what happens
 
 because this has gone to far.
 
 guess not
 
 message when you get on. i am going to be eating in like 20min
 
 but i will be on the computer before and after then
 
 while i eat i am going to watch a show and i wont write back on here till i am done eating. your son is in his room
 
 grounded. i got some of his room clean
 
 not really a lot
 
 though i will probably clean more later tonight
 
 and i will clean more tomorrow when i have the mr. clean erasers. the room is awful. i don't really know what to do with it. whatever i don't get cleaned you will have to clean this weekend. saundras room i will be able to finish tomorrow
 
 but i am also going to be doing laundry and the bedroom and keeping up the dishes and what not tomorrow\nso its just a lot to do
 
 Sorry
 
 we were unable to deliver your message to the following address.\n\n&lt;free2rhyme@yahoo.com&gt;:\nRemote host said: 554 delivery error: dd This user doesn't have a yahoo.com account (free2rhyme@yahoo.com) [-5] - mta1053.mail.sp2.yahoo.com [BODY]\n\n--- Below this line is a copy of the message.\n\nReceived: from [217.146.183.210] by nm19.bullet.mail.ukl.yahoo.com with NNFMP; 14 Nov 2010 16:22:34 -0000\nReceived: from [217.146.183.41] by tm3.bullet.mail.ukl.yahoo.com with NNFMP; 14 Nov 2010 16:22:34 -0000\nReceived: from [127.0.0.1] by omp1026.mail.ukl.yahoo.com with NNFMP; 14 Nov 2010 16:22:34 -0000\nX-Yahoo-Newman-Id: 792972.65195.bm@omp1026.mail.ukl.yahoo.com\nReceived: (qmail 50936 invoked from network); 14 Nov 2010 16:22:34 -0000\nDomainKey-Signature: a=rsa-sha1; q=dns; c=nofws;\n  s=s1024; d=yahoo.co.uk;\n  h=DKIM-Signature:Message-ID:Received:X-Yahoo-SMTP:X-YMail-OSG:X-Yahoo-Newman-Property:From:Subject:To:Content-Type:Date;\n  b=2gi1+eKCezSjhKacfOx6c6ejvlOOQf6KKxIv7djOOW1Y+u3nAjztpvrBSCpM0RUjgN/0gBHg+DLva3KI4Ps949nIbEAG0aeKJQt0quCP6zb88xzYnYGUPKPxdybCsNaz9hMaJ1nSn+FKoyw59dPAHR34Yu/Mnyax7GskadY2tBc=  ;\nDKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=yahoo.co.uk; s=s1024; t=1289751754; bh=DbUndyeHY3NKNdLZLDBesU/c/RNlL/TnDibgZ3q+LuM=; h=Message-ID:Received:X-Yahoo-SMTP:X-YMail-OSG:X-Yahoo-Newman-Property:From:Subject:To:Content-Type:Date; b=eqDThcaRRm6scmxs/M6nnlXI1A67roSWvVoFWoZw69duCCuoNt5wyNn+0SOd9Qt7ZGHPxX46zdgkI8yYqZBHObEbqUNrpMwhlRxdIy0jm7O9DPFejpJ6YZn7E/thiFo7g+ohg8ztJLU74hb5HlIDNWG9jXDQDVjCHjFQvub/t6E=\nMessage-ID: &lt;751697.39265.qm@smtp138.mail.ukl.yahoo.com&gt;\nReceived: from 20100717-1315 (mkj_fairy90@221.233.173.91 with login)\n        by smtp138.mail.ukl.yahoo.com with SMTP; 14 Nov 2010 16:22:32 +0000 GMT\nX-Yahoo-SMTP: SKRFNVSswBCRh1Zmlw5CtmuqCIMRSFiK\nX-YMail-OSG: gw2G4MYVM1kTXTcI57W.KzMVe51hOpM9QgdgxdPJ2rSEKaT\nVeTQyOHj5BVm15XSoLKO5B7LwQQ1CSGVONCsjcsO6opOpjjivrIbCpLs.UAI\nveCthmjr9CF1gyO8Z5Agz4SFeIxK00vItmGzq4gg3M7cSr6rOapO5JVYRKdb\nDXv6OzaLAvwHfqAiWt2RIbyqHoLii241XXGhIOEra1Y1S.lFbXc1wvf1UTIC\nkH_Saoyj2x.lkDHCRe0HdYSfJWfgLe2S8O5nG2jJrmS4VazqATqExtR4Oskp\nhRcBdFIlJ_Vz5DyWgojF4GftUzOrtjh_QwiBo7rZxQvtixYse2RUeTlgR3yw\ndSP1kjdxgYAZn5WXsovGS8XVsqfN3I2U.dw8tUwOVVRdm4wK_zW6ag06n514\nnug8u1A--\nX-Yahoo-Newman-Property: ymail-5\nFrom: "mkj_fairy90" &lt;mkj_fairy90@yahoo.co.uk&gt;\nSubject: RE:helloI\nTo: free2rhyme@yahoo.com\nContent-Type: text/html\nDate: Mon
 
 15 Nov 2010 00:22:34 +0800\n\nHe is just a child\n&lt;!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN"&gt;\n&lt;HTML&gt;&lt;HEAD&gt;\n&lt;META http-equiv=Content-Type content="text/html; charset=gb2312"&gt;\n&lt;META content="MSHTML 6.00.2900.6003" name=GENERATOR&gt;&lt;/HEAD&gt;\n&lt;BODY&gt;&amp;nbsp; Hello 
 
do you want to spend less money to buy the products\nwith&amp;nbsp; good quality. &lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp; Wlcome to pur site( &lt;A\nhref="http://www.lsjyryto.com"&gt;www.lsjyryto.comhttp://www.beayabc.com#518.com/img/197_qtr.jpg&lt;/A&gt; )
 
we supply different kinds\nof electronical products 
 
 like laptops 
 
gps 
 
TV LCD
 
cell phones
 
ps3
 
 MP3/4
 
\nmotorcycles etc. &lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp; All our products are original and new 
 
our email is\n&lt;A href="mailto:lsjyryto@188.com"&gt;lsjyryto@188.com&lt;/A&gt; .If &lt;BR&gt;you interested\n
 
pls contact us! We are waiting for you!&lt;BR&gt;&amp;nbsp; Have a nice day\n!&lt;/BODY&gt;&lt;/HTML&gt;\nWhat you said was quite true\n\n\n\ndo you know what  this is. i got a mail failure notice
 
 and i don't know anything about it
 
 the house phone is on the first
 
 victoria secret and the star card are the first
 
 the loan is the first
 
 do we have any other bills? food is going to be more then 150 this paycheck because of thanksgiving. i may need smokes i lizle comes by and gets another pack. hell may need smokes even if she doesn't i don't know. i'm not sure if you are missing something or not.
 
 971.15\n100 -60 gbp ticket\n100 -marissa cell phone\n150 -car insurance\n60- gas\n150- food ??\n---------------------\n$411.15\n(I have to be missing something)
 
 she hasn't been online.
 
 I can only get what I can. i had to tell htem that the MPF took longer.  then it was supposed to...\n\nyour welcome\n\nhave you two figured out the weekend? SINCE .. you are supposed to have 2 more babysitters for when you go out. and you only have Lizle... who is "walking by after drinking" so if you get a call that morning you better show up...
 
 yeah cause i thought you would get more
 
 i'm sorry ok
 
 that isn't a lot of food. but thank you
 
 (you bitched when I got home
 
 just for the record)
 
 if you can
 
 please also pick up some dishwasher stuff
 
 we are almost out. not salt but cleaner. as much as i can't deal with the house always being a wreck i also can't just leave it. but i still want you to do a bunch of cleaning. any way
 
 i'm really really hungry
 
 so anything you want to grab would be great
 
 i wont bitch even if its not something i want ok.
 
 I might be able to leave at like 1
 
 I dont fuck in the house
 
 neither do you!. I hope for your sake you read this email
 
 I want him gone "before" i get home.. and I expect you to have some way to fix this shit
 
 or I will find one (or have one APPOINTED TO ME)\n\nare we clear?
 
 I knew I was forgetting something... I will stop by the bank and move 100US over for your phone bill. That will leave 188$$ in the account until the first...
 
 so adam i suppose to get off at like 1
 
 don't know if we are chilling or not
 
 but i'm gonna swing by there at like 11
 
 that way we can still have a quicky and what not
 
 don't really need to worry about picking the stuff up
 
 i have no idea where it is.
 
 FILL OUT YOUR TICKET THING
 
 I will eventually ground you
 
 so I can have a night.
 
 Frustrated
 
 and things just keep piling up against me. \n\nother than the common occurance of my side of the deals getting screwed
 
 the work thing
 
 and now the you not sleeping upstairs becuase you invite Lizle over (2nd time). I'm not trying to be a dick but I can only take so much and No matter what I say or how much of an ass I am
 
 you just keep doing it.
 
 why are you being so mean to me?
 
 Maybe
 
 i should pick a 2 random positions out of the kama sutra for each day. HAHA\n\nso I get a quicky in the morning and at night each day with a good time during nap time. \n\nHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH\n\nsound good?\n\n:D  :P
 
 How are you supposed to sleep next to me tonight when you are hanging out with Lizle? I am assuming that she is coming home with you after the club????? Did you think of that at all?\n\nIf she is coming home with you
 
 please make sure she knows that she can come upstairs
 
 (if you want to)\n\nYou might want to think everything out BEFORE you do it.......
 
 no i am not wearing a skirt
 
 i am probably wearing jeans as it will be cold. the clothes just left the house"yay"
 
 w/e You totally pissed me off
 
 I'll ttyl. (I'm going to try and do some school work) figure out what we are doing tonight and I'll write you later
 
 you havent been online all day
 
 Sooooo. I'm coming home to you in a skirt with nothing on underneath it???? ;)
 
 i owe you? for what this time? and please tell me you are joking. not trying to be mean at all
 
 its just that lizle and i are really looking forward to tonight.
 
 Sooo what would you say if i said I was going to go work out tonight and I was going to be home at midnight??\n\nHAHA\n\nP.S. oh BTW
 
  you owe me. :P (and we already about why)
 
 35$
 
 I needed it for my next class. (I will keep an eye on this one to make sure it gets here :P ) I was just letting you know
 
 I tried to call twice. but you didnt answer\n\nThe trash bags are on the countertop in the kitchen over by the microwave...
 
 I love you.... Mwah
 
 I know
 
 but I have seen you pick through them until you see one you like
 
 thats why I said it
 
 I dont know if your comment was directed at me about falling in love with you for no reason. But.. If it is
 
 there was every reason in the world. YOu make me smile. you make me happy
 
 I love you more than anything. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want to grow old and watch old movies with you. Forever and Always
 
 I am going to have to go the the Air Force Aid tomorrow. To get her Visa. its 730GBP (reimbursable
 
 I believe
 
 so we can pay the AFA back after we get it)
 
 Just letting you know. I will try to go to the office today. Dont know if i will be able to though.
 
 hmmm. I'm sorry
 
 maybe mix it up. IDK
 
 obviously i havent tried it. lol
 
 haha
 
 Can i change it to you show up naked
 
 and bring burbon?
 
 thank you you don't have to though i found five in my purse and have to run to the shoppette anyway
 
 I dont expect you to be on top the whole time
 
 Becuase i know you get tired
 
 you are good on top though. that is why i like it and try to bribe into it.
 
 ok but i can't be on top the whole time ok
 
 I am not trying to take advantage
 
 but i am trying to "get even" as messed up as it sounds. I have to be ok with you leaving ALL THE TIME. which is what is happening. So it wont change from now
 
 (as long as you dont add stuff) you go out tonight with 20$. And its twice
 
 first time with a movie
 
 and I kiss
 
 second time you on top (with movie
 
 if it helps)
 
 i do expect that ok
 
 but you are asking for even more then what was decided
 
 but i don't have a choice so whatever.
 
 I am trying and i am online. here is what i put\n\nif you want to keep from burning out 
 
 then dont go out as much. But i would like to be able to kiss you
 
 and to kiss down there. But... me kissing down there the first night
 
 and you on top the second night ok? since you dont really like to be lovey dovey with me?\n\n\ni took away the regular kissing
 
 since you dont ever get into it and you dont seem to enjoy it.
 
 trying to help\n-------------------------------------\n\nI am trying to keep you happy and not burn you our but you do keep taking and taking
 
 You HAVE to expect me to want something in return. ANyways
 
 I love you
 
 ok i guess you got offline
 
 tty whenever and i will probably be living pretty much right when you get home i dont know when they stop selling alcohol on sundays and i gotta meet maggie cause i don't know where tims room is
 
 it just hits weird and a little hard
 
 I cannot and will not try and TELL you what to put there. Its just the first time i saw it. Thats all. Dont make a big deal out of my curiousity...
 
 I was mainly asking for your opinion as to kids
 
 how you/we wouldl ike being there.\n\nNo smile on the you getting a "job" in vegas?? lol
 
 one its my business as to what i put there
 
 two it is complicated
 
 married or no
 
 it is complicated.
 
 well i know jake liked nellis
 
 other then that no idea dear.
 
 Whats up with that? Kindof confused... you are still married...
 
 I just got a list of bases that need people. (still putting offutt as number 1
 
 but these are other bases that actually have openings for my PCS window)\n\nI put what state they are in and how far some of them are from home. The kindof cool thing is one of them is Las Vegas and one is the Pentagon. lol (LAS VEGAS!!!!!) (you could get a "job" lol jk)\n\nI love you soo much. i figured i would let you know what was available for us/me. Let me know what you think please. \n\nMwah  \n\nPhillip\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\n\n**nellis--------------- Nevada
 
 Las Vegas cool (21 hour drive home)\nbarksdale---------- California (LA)\nbeale--------------  California\ncannon------------- Maryland\nft meade----------- Georgia\nlackland------------ Texas (12 hour drive home)\nlangley------------- Virginia\npentagon----------- Washington
 
 DC\n**scott---------------- Illinoise  (5 hour drive home)\nshaw---------------- South Carolina\n**wright patterson--- Ohio (11 hour drive home)
 
 i work and we have already talked about me not wanting you to go out
 
 but that last thing that i fucking want is you pissed off at me
 
 kindof takes away from something i might be getting
 
 I like to see you smile remember? :P i love you sssssssssoooooooooo much
 
 oh ok
 
 go read some more\n\nI will see you tomorrow baby. I would like to lay down and take a nap for a ltitle bit if thats ok
 
 (with you) \n\nI love sooo much
 
 i really wish i could fix whatever i did and be whoever you want. \n\nLove you\n\nPhillip
 
 Marissa Johnson Sometimes
 
 the best way to stay close to someone you love is by being just a friend.\n\nIt will get better. Just dont fall too quickly hun. Please.\n\n\nI love you soo much
 
 so the party is going to be at 11 that way you don't have to stay up to late. ryenn actually said yes
 
 so i am going to pick him up around 11. yay
 
 lol. the only problem is
 
 i kinda want the house to look better
 
 i'm gonna do what i can to clean up
 
 but as you probably figure i am tired
 
 so i will need some help. especially with the stuff in the dinning room
 
 :P
 
 no i have just been off line sorry
 
 are you purposely getting offline whenever i write yo u?!?
 
 yeah jake is coming over in a few
 
 I dont know
 
 i havent opened it? So are people gonna be there when i get home? (I would love to spend "quality" time with you) lol :P
 
 lol ok
 
 yay which one?
 
 GOOD YOU AREN'T mad. woot. ! love you (too bad that there will be people at the house when i get home. lol hehe) \n\nand the good news is one word......Book...... :P
 
 whats the good news? no not mad
 
 ....when you get online
 
 hit me up to see if i am on. I have some good news. Mwah\n\nI hope you arent still mad at me for this morning. I love you and i want you to have a good time when you leave the house
 
 that's all it is baby
 
 hey hun did you pass?
 
 Ok go ahead and find something to eat
 
 and take a nap. I love you sooooooo much and i cant wait to lay down with you. Mwah . Love you baby and i still think that if we can hold it together until we move back
 
 i really do think things will get better if we actually
 
 for once start to live a life.
 
 Ok go ahead and find something to eat
 
 and take a nap. I love you sooooooo much and i cant wait to lay down with you. Mwah . Love you baby and i still think that if we can hold it together until we move back
 
 i really do think things will get better if we actually
 
 for once start to live a life.
 
 yeah it said you were off line again
 
 Ok sounds like a plan. Just for the record
 
 I would prefer you to start next time. \n\n(and
 
 if you hurt
 
  etc.. i will stop from now on and not count anything
 
 it makes me feel like shit.)\n\nI love you baby. I would love to lay down with you and just forget about everything.
 
 but i actually mean cuddle
 
 I didnt think about Popeyes. I would advise IF you go out tonight that you pull money and use cash so we dont get charged for overdraws. We have 41 dollars in teh other account. Just letting you know. Not being pissy
 
 I am assuming you are sleeping. :P\n\nLEt me know when you get online. \n\nLove you sooooo much\n\nI really do just want a chance to fix everything.\n\nLove you\n\nPhillip
 
 BUT YOU"RE GONE AGAIN!!!!!\n\n:P :P :P :P :P :P
 
 if you can bring me food and can't get me on here just call
 
 since you aren't writing on chat i will write you on here. not pushing and if you think its a bad idea to ask or anything like that then don't
 
 but i was wondering if you thought you could bring me food. i'm also i think gonna lay down while i still can. i still don't feel completely great and since they are napping i should lay down now.
 
 i thought you had to do something with the ticket
 
 Yea
 
 he said to be careful.... and then he threw the ticket away. :P
 
 ok love you
 
 Hey i will be right back
 
 I have to go see the first shirt
 
 ok
 
 lol Nope. Bowles has a thing with showing up and telling me to leave. lol So i honestly dont know.
 
 so do you know yet?
 
 fun fun
 
 save some cool movies for me. lol Jk... Mwah\n\n\n\nI still dont know if I will get the second half off or noit. lol\n\nI love you. Mwah
 
 i'm doing ok
 
 kinda bored. watching boondock saints 2 at the moment
 
 How are you doing today?
 
 i guess maybe its upstairs then i don't see it down here. i'll look when i get the kids up
 
 I think it is either downstairs
 
 or in the white shelf thingy in our room. \n\nI am glad you ate
 
 Thank you... Mwah\n\n\nI love you soooo much
 
 were did our hub phone go. someone just called but it didn't even ring.
 
 yes i had the flat bread
 
 Have you eaten today?
 
 yes
 
 You online??
 
 Good
 
 then we will have something to watch after House is done. lol Woot
 
 Woot
 
 i have more time to spend with you. I love spending time with you. \n\n\nMwah\n\nIf you wanted to you could start downloading the whole series of OC
 
 and other shows like that you like.
 
 ok i will
 
 I thought in one part of the show she flashes someone at the beach
 
 (we dont see boobs though) lol  \n\nLook up Sanctuary Season 2. lol (just saw that it came out in the BX.)
 
 um ok
 
 and she isn't topless and she has played in a lot more then gossip girl. so :P
 
 I found something for you to download. lol
 
 fun lol
 
 euro trip! so georgina topless. lol\n\nI dont knwo what is going on with Facebook?!!
 
 yes they are asleep
 
 got nothing from you
 
 i sent a message saying it said you were offline. been watching euro trip
 
 I have been writing you
 
 for the past 30 minutes
 
  on chat.  I dont know wTF is going on? \n\nHow have the kids been doing? are they sleeping?\n\nWhat have you been up to?\n\nMwah \n\nI love you
 
 it says you are offline again. i'm sorry hun
 
 i just can't spend half my day waiting for a reply from you. it just gets to be tomuch.
 
 thats good to hear. \n\nYou didnt answer my last question. :P
 
 today has been ok. the day is going to go on and on though. not looking forward to that. but so far the kids haven't been to bad.
 
 ok
 
 hopefully it gets fixed.. Mwah how has today been??\n\n\nMarissa Johnson likes You make all the bad things go away
 
 the second that you say hello \u2665. (hmmm.. you are talking about me
 
 right??? :P)
 
 facebook is messing up. so it says you are off line
 
 everything is ok. just wish you got to be on a bit today. im me if you wanna talk. i will probably be on here. didn't get a bunch of cleaning done at all. i'm sorry. maybe i will get back in the mood soon.  i have had to tell 3 people all ready that i can't do anything tonight
 
 grrr. i know we don't have the money so no worries ok.
 
 Sorry that i havent been online that much
 
 I will try to log otu when i step away fcrom the computer from now on. I love you dear. Mwah... How is everything giong?
 
 that is all great baby. 791 what do we normally get paid?  can you please get me bk on your way home? i know its hard for you to get it because of hours
 
 but if you have enough time
 
 please. i have soaked your clothes. feeling a little better gonna go curl up again and hope i'm all better when you get home. we will need to watch the kids to see if they start showing signs of getting sick.  love you
 
 message if you get on
 
 i will have the page up.
 
 Hope you are sleeping well. Finance got worked out. The next check will be about 1400
 
 BUT... the check after that will be 791 (cola dropped again). so we have to keep that in mind. \n\nI can apply for a tax disk refund after the Ford's expires
 
 (remind me) lol 205GBP.\n\n+++i got a AF Good Conduct Medal+++  lol apparently none of the shit that has happened in the past two years got documented as correctional action
 
 so i still got my Medal. lol\n\nI think that covers everything
 
 now we just have to fix Saundra. (an i already paid for part of it. so it better fucking show up)\n\nI think that that is all... Mwah I love you soooooo much. \n\n\nForever and Always
 
 No matter the Circumstance.\n\nPhillip
 
 Thats why i said when you get home tonight. lol
 
 remember i'm going out for that drink unless i still feel like total crap.
 
 Same crap here
 
 I am glad you are starting to feel better. Mwah! maybe we can play when you get home tonight. lol
 
 I left yesterday withouth logging off.
 
 Hey hun. How has today been going? I am assuming that you are outside. Hope its still nice
 
 things are a little hectic here. I love you and can't wait to spend time with you. In all forms. Mwah\n\nForever and Always
 
 no matter what it takes.\n\nPhillip
 
 You rushed off of the phone
 
 You ok? Whats going on?
 
 I hope you get some sleep tonight.\nLove you
 
 Forever and Always\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 40 for the sitter and 20 for the night i told you i was pulling it out. you took the 20 i had for the night so i had to have some money.
 
 what was the 60 for?
 
 Please call me when you get home. So that i know you are ok. Thank you.\n\nI love you soooo much and i will do anything to help to start to fix this.\n\nForever and Always yours\n\nPhillip
 
 I have a little bit of down time and for once can think a little bit. I just wanted to take this time to tell you that I love you more than i can express. I know that I have messed up soo many things in the time we have been married. I know that i havent helped you as much as you needed
 
 and i know that I should have spent more time with you than trying to fix money and everything else. I hope that you will give me that chance. I don't like to argue and i love to see you smile. Fortunately for me
 
 i have seen more smiles at home recently than previously. That makes me glad. I love everything about you. From the way you smile
 
 to the way you curl up in a blanket all day long
 
 I even love the way you always want something 10 minutes after they close at night. I love to lay next to you and just listen. You are an amazing mother
 
 and wife. You may not believe it and probably just thought
 
 "Whatever"
 
 but you are. You are gorgeous and I love you with all of my heart. I just wanted to take a little time to tell you how i feel. This way I dont ramble and repeat myself like i do at home. I am willing to do anything to try and fix this. Anything. I love you soo much. \n\n\nI will see you when i get home. Mwah\n\nYours
 
 Forever and always\n\nPhillip
 
 I am now. love you baby
 
 u on?
 
 U should bc no one else will have pictures of me..... so :p
 
 Don't cry u will get them.....
 
 :P (make me cry) :(.....
 
 U will get them when u get them!!!!!
 
 I want them TODAY!
 
 ok... i just hadnt talked to you in a few days and i thought you were mad at me....
 
 no I'm at work and mildly busy
 
 I'm sitll online
 
 why did you just get off with out tellin me bye? that hurt my feelings....
 
 ya i know... she just didnt like the way you were talkin to me though... i cant help what she said... its just how she is... lol
 
 I am working too you have to remember that.\n\nAnd I did tell you that I was going to focus on my career and my kids more than anything else.
 
 how are you?
 
 do you really still want me?
 
 yes.. i have never stopped
 
 sorry boss came over for a min
 
 Sooooo
 
 Do you still want me? ;)
 
 You logged off?
 
 I never reall ygave up. I had a life and kids to take care of. I never had time. \n\nbut i have always looked periodically. \n\nand...  I kinda always still wanted to sleep with you. :D still do
 
 i know i disappeared and im sorry for that... im not a meany i will have tomorrow for you.... how long did you look before you gave up?\nyes i did miss/missed you...
 
 thats fucked up
 
 you got my pic. Meany. and YES I miss/missed you\n\nI tried to look you up for awhile 
 
 a long while. but you disappeared
 
 no you answer mine... or no pics of me
 
 you answer my question first :P
 
 just working.... :(\ndid you miss me?
 
 So what have you been up to today?\n\nYou miss me dont you? :)
 
 not yet... working on it
 
 sorry :P\n\nSo any pictures?
 
 i havent been able to talk to you since you took forever accepting my friend invite
 
 ..
 
 hey hun
 
 how are things?
 
 awww how cute. lol   I have a slight chance. ;) LMAO
 
 Haha can't call you that till we meet and I see for myself
 
 at least you didn't tell me to fuck off and that I was a creep HAHA
 
 Lmao it's 11p here
 
 hehe... Sorry
 
 its 6:46AM here and I hate being single... and... well its easier to make witty comments when I'm 13 hours away ;)
 
 Lmao 
 
 hahaha..    well darn... there goes the whole 'hitting' on you for a military wife.. ROFL    jk jk ;)
 
 Nope!
 
 ahh soo the military doesnt sound fun? ;) hehe
 
 Nope it sounds gay!
 
 I still have to  have a couple people outprocess me before I can leave. lol \nLike making sure the housing office is ok with my house when I leave ect...\nhaha\n\nSoo..... doesn't the military just sound... 'fun' LMFAO
 
 Yes all good... So if ur all packed why won't they let you go?
 
 How is everything going in Arizona?  still hot and fun?  lol\n\nI am still trying to get out of England. haha Feels like they will never let go
 
 Hi
 
 How is work going&gt;? haha
 
 I'm ok
 
 stuff got packed up and moved yesterday. soo EMpty house. hahaha now just trying to leave. lol\n\nOh... that is soooo cute.. you are waiting for me to get there. I feel special ;)\n\nMwah :D
 
 Yes everythings good just waitin for you to get here! Mouth is doin ok!! How are you?
 
 Nuthin much just saying hi.   Everything ok on your side of the Ocean? haha\n\nMouth better?
 
 What's up
 
 Lol ok well if you don't still have my number her irbid call when you in tuscon and settled. 5204246556
 
 lol
 
 Sounds like a plan... Just trying to make sure that I don't come off as the creepy internet guy. haha (which coincidentally makes me sound paranoid)
 
 If we can get a sitter a bar would be good
 
 Yep everythin sounds good
 
 fun fun fun... sorry/congrats on the wisdom teeth. hAHA  \n\nSoo Zoo
 
 fun fun fun.... think we can grab a drink or something afterwards.. eitehr at a bar
 
 or at mine? whatever works for you and that you are comfortable with :)
 
 Good got my bottom wisdom teeth removed last week so still recovering lol no bf still and the kiddo is great! Workin alot this week to make up some tume
 
 Hey hun
 
 how is everythin going? kiddo
 
 bf
 
 all the good stuff..
 
 Hey
 
 yup Yup sounds good.
 
 We were gonna meet up at the zoo with the kisdos
 
 I have no clue cause I don't have tonsils so it takes alot for me to get strep
 
 lol That sucks.. now how did you get strep throat :P\n\n\nwell we can figure something out to do with the kiddos. unless you just wanted us to meet
 
 Don't really remember what we decided on or if we decided... lol (I have a bad memory
 
 and  a lot of stuff has been going on here. HAHA)
 
 Ya I went to the er last night I have strep throat on top of my infected wisdom tooth lol. I should be better by then! And idk about the zoo lol it's been a while since I've been to the az obe
 
 I'm sorry hun... I hope it gets better soon.. and definately hope its better before I get there. :)  hehe..\n\nSoo... what do they have at the Zoo in Az?
 
 Nope
 
 Hows your day going?
 
 How's everything going? I got the last piece of the puzzle to get my orders. hopefully go get them tomorrow. then its only a couple weeks till I get to Az. :D  Can't wait. Hopefully you don't find a bf by then. HAHA
 
 I finally see a whole picture of you
 
 and I love it. :)\nHows everything going for you dear?
 
 I hope you have a blast at the fair
 
 can't wait till I get to Az...
 
 I'm still trying to get out of England. lol Can't wait to get to Az and finally meet you :) . :D  sounds like a plan to me... hmm... Mwah!
 
 Hey everything is good! My Sis and niece flew in last week and they stayed with me the last few days.. Nev is good!  How are you?
 
 Hows life
 
 love
 
 work
 
 and kids? :)
 
 good... :)  so we have to figure out if we are chilling at your place or mine. lol
 
 That sounds great!
 
 that doesn't sound like fun... \n\nwell
 
 I want to give you a hug and a small kiss when I finally see you
 
 and then just curl up on a couch and go to sleep :)
 
 Lol it's just my can! They can't keep secrets and hold grudges.. 
 
 whats up? I have had my fair share of 'family' issues. \n\nwhats going on with them?\nYou sound amazing to me
 
 so I dont' see what they couldn't like.
 
 Nothin really new with my fam lol they have always been this way to me
 
 Whats going on dear? you can talk to me if you want to
 
 I'm here :)
 
 My family is shitty
 

 
 just pissed off to tonight
 
 thx
 
 HOpe all is ok.\n\nMwah
 
 It will be exciting!!
 
 and just think. in the next couple weeks
 
 I should be showing up ;)  I hope that cheers you up. :)
 
 Love the new profile picture.  SExy shades. lol\n\nHow's everything going?\n\nI promise I wont bug you as much the next couple days
 
 I worked this weekend
 
 which means I'm bored a lot. lol
 
 How was work?
 
 Message me when you get off of work 
 
 and have a minute. I loved talking the other day. Hope work went fast
 
 and easy :D\n\nMwah\n\nPhillip
 
 When you get a minute
 
 I'm on this account all night. :)  \n\nMwah \n\n*sneaks up behind you and tickles you
 
 then gives you a hug* ;)
 
 I dont think I am
 
 I think I'm intelligent
 
 considerate
 
 kind
 
 attractive
 
 and would make an amazing husband. but I'll leave those up to you. :)\n\nI just get paranoid.. and don't want to upset people. :/  \n\nBut I would love your number so I can call you when I get home for a couple minutes. :)
 
 Are you a creep? You keep mentioning it!
 
 you don't know that much about me? How do you know I'm not a creep?\n\nOh... btw. I get off in about 30 minutes... would you want me to call you for a couple minutes when I get home? at least you could hear my voice and see if you like it. ;)\n\nif you want me to call you.. what's your number? (I have free international calling so don't worry about that. lol haha)\n\nMWAH!
 
 Cause I want to!!
 
 but what makes you want to kiss me when you turn around? lol
 
 To see you!!
 
 oh really?  How do you know you even like me? :P and what makes you want to turn around?
 
 No not morning sickness!!  And I would turn round and kiss you back
 
 tummy hurt?  .......  Is there something you need to tell me? ;) lol \n\nMorning sickness? \n\nfunny funny. lol\n\nSooo..... what would you do
 
 if I walked up behind you
 
 put my hands over your eyes
 
 and kissed your neck?\n\n(other then not know who I was) ;)
 
 Ya a little my tummy hurts still though
 
 Are you feeling any better?
 
 Just call me Phillip ;)
 
 Why are you apologizing for taking a nap?\nlol \n\nSoo how have you been hun?\n\nOhh.. and for the record.. I'm getting my motorcyle liscense when I get to Az. :D\n\nMy dad was a biker (got kicked out for being an ass)\n\nthe only reason I dont have my Class M now is becuase I'm in England. and dont have a bike here. lol\n\nSo what have you been up to?
 
 Sorry took a nap.. Not feeling well today
 
 :D
 
 I'm at work now.. Wanna chat? :)
 
 Awe those are cute names! My sons name is Nevan Ryan Lopez-Smith. \n I like white gold and either. The most embarrassing thing about me is that I can't swallow pills lol yes I know it weird! I don't know why either!!
 
 My son (Adam Pheonix Johnson) and my daughter (Saundra Priscilla Johnson)  \n\nHun
 
 I will not judge you
 
 I grew up on a trailer
 
 lived in Section 8 (bankruptcy housing) in Tx. and now am starting to get on my feet. I would love to have to someone to be with.\n\nI am getting a 2000 Ford Focus Stationwagon when i get back to the states (so not an amazing car. lol)\n\nand don't worry about expressing yourself. I would love to hear all the good and bad about you dear..\n\nany more questions? \nevery topic is open.. sex
 
 drugs rock'n'roll. everything. lol\n\nWhat is one thing that no one knows about you? (or very few people)\nYellow gold or white gold?\nDiamond or precious stone?\n((do I have any limits to my questions?))
 
 Kiss is ok if there is something between us and I have no limit to dating before marriage cause love happens when it's ready.. No I don't have skype. I don't know where I would wanna go for a hunnymoon
 
 haven't thought about it.. Honestly you will see I'm a simple girl. I've had a rough life and workin hard to make it better for me and my son. I live in an apt and have a shitty car lol I'm not lookin for someone to save me just someone to understand and not judge me or where I have to becareful of expressing my feelings.\n\nWhat are yours kids names? 
 
 Ok. first date/meeting... kiss ok?\nwhere (if you could) would you go on your honeymoon?\nhow long would you have to date someone to get married?\nand I'm not really that big on religion
 
 lol but if my kids like it
 
 then I'll take them. (I used to go to church and sing in the evening service... but if got to the point that I was giong ONLY to sing.. so I stopped giong) \nask me some questions...\nHow is the paperwork giong hun?\nDo you have skype?
 
 So to answer your questions... I am not big in religion.. I am open to going to church though. I don't mind you bein in the military . I'm a single parent so I'd be crazy not to want to date one! Either the guy or girl is fine to make a first move.. U want to visit jamaica and the Bahamas I will live almost anywhere lol and I was born and raised here in az with an exception if the last four years I was in oklahoma trying it out.
 
 Hey ya sorry got busy! 
 
 just checking.. :)
 
 My wife wanted to be 20 and single
 
 she isn't ready to grow up as fast as needed
 
 and I can't really fault her for it. (her leaving early is better then later..)\nand the only other person I'm talking to like this is you. \nI am talkign to an old friend from Kansas 
 
 scheduling a lunch date when I'm in town visiting (she recently cleaned up
 
 so I want to see how she is doing)\nI am talking to someone here in England about a possibly going out for coffee before I leave here. \nand. I am talking to a new Air Force member that should be getting to Tucson this week
 
 as for someone to hang out with.\n\nbut being honest (even if you dont believe me) the only person I am talkign to like this is you.\n\nsoo what next.. More questions... keep them coming hun. :) \nand you never answered my 'application' question ;)
 
 How many other girls are you talkin too? Why did she want out? I can't imagine a mother who doesn't want her kids..
 
 Well
 
 if it helps. I do not intend on being alone again. Didn't plan it this time but she wanted out. I want to get remarried
 
 settle into my career
 
 have more children and spoil the hell out of my wife. (taking applications.. you interested? :) )\nI would love to meet you without the kids if possible.  we will see how everything goes. \nSoo
 
 any questions for me? whatever you want...why i got married
 
 when i lost my virginity
 
 don't care what
 
 just ask. I like talking
 
 :D
 
 Let's meet without them first if your able to.. I want happiness 
 
 and family.. Ive learned that it never matters what ur doin or where you are unless your happy. I do want more children and I'd Like to be married or at least engaged. That way I would hope not to end up alone again
 
 thats understandable. another thing about me is that I dont cheat. (even with her cheating on me for 3 years)\nwhat do you want out of life?\nand.. would you want to meet me without kids first
 
 or would you want to bring your son to my place for a play-date or something?\nand..\nI think I asked if you wanted more kids... how soon were you thinking?
 
 Yes I appreciate that your bein open.I don't think that makes you not sound manly.. It just takes the right girl to turn a man that way! I am open with moving with the military if we were married. What u want out of life made me interested in you. I don't have. A college degree and bein a single mom with no help and workin full time it's hard to go to school.. 
 
 and I am currently going through one. \nI am trying to be as open and upfront as I can. \nI may have a failed first marriage
 
 but I do not want to be single. I want to be married
 
 have more kids
 
 plan family vacations
 
 come home to someone. have someone to curl up to at night (yes I know this doesnt exactly sound manly) but I was not built to be single. I love kids
 
 I want more
 
 I love being with someone..\n\nYou do know if something happens between us
 
 you will have to move with the military.....\nso.. what do you like about me? what did I say or do or put in my profile that you like?
 
 I am ready. I want someone to be there for me and my son.. I am young and everyone tells me I'm crazy. My while family have been through divorces.
 
 ohhh
 
 upfront and foward
 
 I like that.. \nbut how do you know I'm not a creep? lol \nand maybe.. you will be a good reason... \nSoo
 
 my turn for a question... Are you ready to settle down? (long term relationship
 
 or marriage)
 
 That's still a few months away.. Well I may be a good reason not too!! But I'll let you decide that!
 
 I will be in Az around the end of April beginning of May.\nSo.. what 'ideas' do you have? ;)
 
 I may have a few ideas! When are you coming to tuscon?
 
 Goodie
 
 I'm good with kids. ;)\n\nand I don't smoke unless I am really stressed or really drunk.. \nso I currently smoke rarely because of the divorce. but will stop as soon as she is gone
 
 unless I have another reason to stop sooner (any ideas? ;) )\n\nhmm.. ask me a question hun
 
 That's cool.. A turn on for me is how a man reacts with kids.. A turnoff is smoking
 
 Fun. lol\nI work with computers. my job title is "Network Intelligence Analyst"  \nlol\n\nHmm... what is a turn on for you? and a Turn off?
 
 Lol I'm doin paperwork.. Dhs is coming to our house soon so makin sure our books are good! What work do you do there ?
 
 goodie. :)  I know some people dont like it
 
 thats why  I ask. lol\nsoo.. what are you doing?\n(other then answering all my questions ;) )
 
 Hey no it's cool that u call me Hun I don't mind! And I always smile!!
 
 Ok
 
 sounds like a plan hun. \n\n(oh.. if me calling you hun offends you
 
 just tell me) I call everyone hun I dont mean anything bad by it.\n\nOh... btw
 
 Smile :)
 
 Hey! I'm at work also so when I get time to answer them I'll email you here kk 
 
 thank you for adding me. :D  \n\nSo what have you been up to?\n\nand... what were the answers to all of my 'wonderful' questions?\n(can't check the site at work.)\n\nPhillip
 
 :)
 
 that is all. \n\nhehe
 
 HOw's today? :P
 
 I looove the new status. I think that I might be able to fit that bill. :D \n\n(unless this is song lyrics. lol) lol\n\n:P
 
 You working at the hospital tonight??\n\nsoo what is your favorite food?? lol
 
 Amazing. Bet you are having an amazing day\n\nCan't wait till we go to dinner. \n\nThen go have a drink or two. (Dont worry
 
 I'm still planning on sleeping on the couch in the hotel room. lol)\n\nSo how are you doing?
 
 sooo favorite food?
 
 Merry Christmas!!
 
 hun. HOpe all is well
 
 I have been looking at resturants. what is your favorite foods? that might help. lol
 
 I think I can spoil you a little more? ;) lol\n\nand.. I miss you. \n\noh and you look amazing. \n\nYou should send me weekly picture updates via email HAHA jk (kinda)
 
 I'm always spoiled!! Lol 
 
 why havent you thought about it. ?\n\nYou have the opportunity to be spoiled. lol USE IT!\n\nhehe
 
 That's cool
 
 I just work 8 hr shifts each day this weekend... \n\nNo
 
 ME TOOOO ! lol I work 12 hours today
 
 tomorrow and Sunday\n\nFUN FUN\n\nsooo have you thought of where we are going for dinner?
 
 Work.
 
 what do you have planned for Christmas?
 
 ~mwah~
 
 you's sexy. Good night
 
 \n\nHope you have a good day at work.
 
 I'm in Leavenworth
 
 can you tell Marissa to call me please
 
 Can i call and talk to you for a couple minutes?
 
 Hey
 
 how's everything going
 
 Phillip
 
\nHave you been able to find Marissa's Diploma from John Adams or the website where I could get her a copy?  This would be very helpful for her to find a decent job.  Please let me know. Thanks 
 
 ours goes from 60 to 30 to 20 to 60 to teens. go figure. you know how kansas is
 
 it was about 20 degrees last night. 
 
 you've got warmer weather than we do then. our is probably less than 20 right now.OMG it's cold
 
 and its only my kitchen and laundry room that froze
 
 so I'll have to check to see about insulating them
 
 They'l thaw when it gets up to like 55 or 60 this afternoon
 
 do you have a way to wrap them?
 
 just froze
 
 didn't burst. 
 
 that's going to be expensive
 
 pipes froze today. lol (well half of them)
 
 ya it showed up
 
 did you get the box i sent to you? let me know because if didn't i'll have it tracked
 
 my address is 7962 E 2nd Street
 
 Tucson Az 85710 (dont let Allen know) ((I know you wont
 
 I just tell everyone out of habit))\n\nand the kids are :\n\nSophia Paige Anya Johnson (8 months)\nWilliam Nicholas Alexander Deyoe (3 years)\nSaundra Priscilla Johnson (3 years)\nRene Marie Willow Sepulveda (5 years)\nAdam Pheonix Johnson (5 years)\n\nYes I know you know my kiddos
 
 but that is in age order. lol
 
 i need your new address and what are Nikki's kids names?
 
 kk ttyl 
 
 i'm going to try to go to bed. talk to you later.
 
 if you need family medical history for kids as far as our family goes let me know
 
 I got 55 boxes of Rice a roni for 5$
 
 you can see these people that get hundreds of dolars worth of groceries for less than 50$
 
 and type into thesear bar Extreme couponging
 
 and if you go to youtube.com
 
 i do. 
 
 you should carry meds and allergy list for you and kids too.
 
 i don't know how to use youtube. is extreeme couponing on the internet?
 
 when i go to dentist they use non latex. every where that i go it is in my records and i carry a list of meds and allergies for both john and i
 
 you'll like it
 
 Extreme couponing
 
 youtube
 
 you acutlaly save more than wth Sams club
 
 look at getting the sunday and the wed paper and look at the coupons. 
 
 if i have surgey they schedule mine first thing and use different type gloves can't stand it in the air.
 
 for them
 
 more of a rash
 
 and that is what it does to marissa and the kids on a slightly lesser scale. 
 
 can't spell meant to say skin
 
 latex makes my sking split open and bleed
 
 i'm still working on getting the web cam so we can talk to the kids  since you are so far away
 
 now they have polyurothane
 
 then..
 
 that is why w have to use the sheep skin condoms when we were dating which were EXPENSIVE!
 
 literally
 
 to the opint of melting skin
 
 we is extremly allergic to latex.. 
 
 marissa is not allergic to benadryl she is allergic to pseudophedrin. and i din't know she was allergic to latex
 
 just know that
 
 And just so you allllll know. I will never keep the kids from you
 
 I make sure I rsearch
 
 so that still leaves a lot open
 
 i always figured that.ROFLMAO
 
 and marissa makes them allergic to benadryl and latex
 
 and teh only adverse I have is Pain meds dont work at all in any form
 
 I have been noted as Paranoid
 
 avoidant
 
 and schizoid. so they cant' get one diagnosis with me. HAHA
 
 they wanted to medicate JJ for ADHD but John's family had such adverse reactions to the medication i didn't want that to happen to him. so be careful for you and the kids.
 
 at least with me
 
 we hve ruled that out
 
 i changed my diet at least 5 times since I went to England in 2008 
 
 JJ's problem was red food coloring
 
 caffeine and sugar. go figure
 
 check your diet
 
 I am still looking for a concentration aid. 5 months later
 
 i learned by experience with JJ
 
 like me
 
 I'm finally getting tested
 
 and I'm 'fuuuucked.." so I'm going to get them help
 
 once they are at an age to handle the testing process. (adam is in counciling basically)
 
 please don't let them medicate him because it causes more problems then it helps
 
 and I dont want to start those tests until he's at least 7
 
 he's not old enough to do any large scale tests
 
 no not yet. 
 
 if that makes sense
 
 are they medicating him?
 
 he wont be "fixed" just 'adjusted
 
 to help adapt
 
 but.. be is seeing two psychiatrist during school
 
 no*
 
 fix .. now. 
 
 can they help him and fix this difficulty?
 
 adam is 'broadly' diagnosed with speech delay (approx 1.5 years) and mechanical advancement
 
 what is his disability?
 
 Soooo.. I'm assuming you know.. lol
 
 Saundra I am still working on
 
 i don't even talk to the SOB.
 
 Adam has been officially diagnosed with a special education leaning diability
 
 oh btw...Allen doesnt know I had another baby so please dont tell him
 
 have saundra and adam been diagnosed as autistic?
 
 alcohol tollerance is also genetic. (look at my 'father' )
 
 so tipsy. :P
 
 two medications that say dont drink and about half a bottle of vodka. 
 
 any excuse
 
 tipsy and typing fast :P
 
 can they spell better than you? LOL
 
 IQ of about 160
 
 my uncle is autistic if he got tested
 
 two of my cousins are severely autistic
 
 two of my brotehrs are autistic
 
 r
 
 my sister is bipolat
 
 why?
 
 My family is riddiled with Autism
 
 well I balme me for Saundra and Adam. 
 
 probably has alot to do with you and nikki
 
 and adam and saundra were not
 
 she's jabbering
 
 so far
 
 she appears to be more advances than Saundra at that age.
 
 i know i saw her in the basket. looks alot like saundra
 
 granted its me and I tend to ahve the dominant dgenes. lol
 
 becasue we have our daughter which reminds me of saundra.. HAHA
 
 of upi try to friend nikki she has more pics of the 5 kiddos
 
 well i have to say later it's getting close to my bedtime.
 
 you're as bad as marissa and lori at taking pictures. marissa and lori chop off head or don't get all of the picture LOL
 
 nikki actually has more photos than I do of the kiddos. I'm not big on pictures. but I am trying.
 
 i fyou are talking about the ones that you put on fb. i still haven't friended Niki
 
 not difficult just psycologically challenged.
 
 you're telling me. LOL
 
 so even that they were darki. you got the new photos?
 
 I'm always difficult
 
 I have tested high enough in three different psychological disorders that I have 10 hours of psychological study scheduled for the 30th and they can't diagnose me without more info. HAHA
 
 john is on low dose of trazadone more to relax him and help him sleep without the Viet Nam nightmare. so far it is working.
 
 why are you on computure if it's your night to drink? got to new toys a photo copy
 
scanner
 
printer fax(if i still had a house phone) and a DVD/VCR combo. both on sale at a really good price..  refuse to let anyone i know take effexor after what the pharmacist told me.
 
 I'm on 225mg of effexor and 150 mg of welbuton
 
 don't you know drs are worthless? LMAO
 
 seeing a doctore for it
 
 not much help thusfar
 
 that an I dont sleep that much anymore anyways
 
 friday
 

 
 no work tomorrow. and its my weekend to drink on friday
 
 i'm usuallly on this time of night especially if i can't sleep. what's your excuse?
 
 good evening.. you are on late?
 
 the pictures on your face book are dark in color\n
 
 what do you mean dark?
 
 they're so dark and Saundra's hair is really long
 
 did you see the kids new pictures?
 
 New pictures of the kids are posted
 
 Ok have fun. get some good deals
 
 well it's after midnight and i need to get some sleep. new sam's club opens by legends tomarrow and we are going. so will talk to you later 
 
 I'm going to try to send some soon
 
 or catch up with taxers
 
 (hopefully i can catch up on my mortgage
 
 ok
 
 no
 
 did you send money because i haven't gotten any lately?
 
 (tucson with central air)
 
 we are doewn to 420$ this month
 
 (trying to get them lower)
 
 I would have seent more money
 
 but I am still adjusting to 500+$ electric bills here
 
 i hope marissa or michael know how? i know that. if i get mad i just unfriend them or block what they see because my friend told me how to do that
 
 but between her ex'x family
 
 her friends
 
 and her family she seperates so she can still rant when she wants to and not get yelle d at
 
 its one of the new functions
 
 I dont really use it
 

 
 and you think i know how to do that?
 
 and she has people organized for the kids pictures. like marissa
 
 you need to give her my name it's under michelle foley
 
 you can set people into groups now
 
 ok i'm not sure how that works but that would be great
 
 she has her fb seperated to people that can see certain stuff
 
 she might
 
 I'll talk to her. (she would just add you to the group that is allowed to see the kiddos pictures)
 
 would she friend me?
 
 Thats my gf
 
 if you look up Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda 
 
 i'm working on family history on ancestry 
 
 thanks
 
 possibly
 
 Rene and Billy (her two kiddos)
 
 I'll take (or have nikki take ) picutres of Adam
 
 Saundra
 
 and Sophia(ifyou want) so we can send them to you
 
 ok
 
 kk
 
 just tell Marissa and/or mikey that I have skype and a webcam and you need a cheapy webcam
 
 and to download skype and they should be able to handle it
 
 i'll talk to marissa &amp; michael about webcam?
 
 March 24th 2012
 
 what is sophia's b-day?
 
 occasionally
 
 mind works faster than you type in other words?
 
 sorry if I overwhelm
 
 I am in intel
 
 and My major in college is computer engineering
 
 so I am mildly proficient in typing. HAHA
 
 type much?
 
 Between me and my gf
 
 there are five ki8ds total
 
 yes*
 
 I am her father ys
 
 and yes
 
 she is Saundra and Adams sister
 
 Her full name is Sophia Paige Anya Johnson
 
 what is her full name?
 
 she is still Adam &amp; saundra's sister. Right?
 
 Lori is mad at all of us now. so what else is new?
 
 and their little sister (sophia) looks like saundra. (not sure if you guys wanted to see her or not since she isn't marissa's
 
 (except her bangs
 
 she decided to try and pull them out
 
 and when we went to cut them she moved and too much got cut off so the only hair style that looks good is Pig tails) but its still cute)
 
 Saundras hair is almost to her shoulders
 
 I know Lori isn't exactly 'happy" with me (dont exactly know why) but.. if we can get a skype (web chat ) set up
 
 everyone is invited that wants to see the kiddos
 
 we miss you all too.
 
 They miss you
 
 Marissa would know. and that way they could see all of you. 
 
 wouldn't know how to use it. I'm electonically challenged. and John sure as hell wouldn't know how to do it. he doesn't even use the computer
 
 Just so you
 
 and everyone else knows. I'm not trying to avoid anyone
 
 even with marissa's new BF
 
 I've just been working a lot
 
 and dealing with a lot since I just bought a new house. and Adam just got approved (finally) for Special Ed
 
 and I a m still trying to get Saundra Screened
 
 I'm going to try to get you pictures of Adam before we give him a mohawk. (he wants one because of a movie we watched the other day)
 
 ok.. hmm... a webcam is like 10-20 dollars from the store (walmart) for a cheap one and skype is free
 
 don't have one of those
 
 I'm going to try to set up a time in the next week or so so have you guys see the kids on skype if you have a web cam (just finally got mine set up
 
 so once marissa finishes her class. Imma reschedule
 
 and it didn't happen anyways. since we didn't get our certificates for the class in 
 
 couldn't make it up
 
 so I have to reschedule it
 
 
 
 what happened with court?
 
 should be there in a couple days
 
 sent another 30$ so marissa can pay for the class
 
 sent you 100 dolalrs.. should be there today or tomorrow
 
 i'm sure you will. youngster alzheimer.lmao
 
 but I'll remember later probably
 
 I think it was about her taking the divorce education class in Kansas...
 
 dont remember. lol
 
 what's the favor?\n
 
 and... I have a favor actually when you get back online
 
 yup yup
 
 have fun with the granddaughter. 
 
 well have to go now talk to you later. good luck
 
 and if she doesn't then I have more of a leg to stand on if 5 eyars down the road she tries to fight for custody
 
 I know... lol and if when she starts paying
 
 then we'll either go back to court to add it to the decree
 
 no child support or money changing hands for the kids without going thru court
 
 but if she decides of her own freewill to send money for the children. then we will do hand receipts so she can prove is she goes back to court that she has been supporting (then they will change it to court mandadted CS) lol
 
 that is why im not asking for any
 
 court won't let you do it that way
 
 and if she doesn't then its better on my case
 
 and if she pays me later we will do hand receipts so she can prove she did
 
 smart man
 
 so I did not ask for childsupport
 
 exactly
 
 if either one has to pay child support it goes thru the courts here
 
 (we hate third parties)
 
 and there is no childsupport being asked for
 
 and (when in the same town) she gets them like every other weekend and for a chunk in the summer.
 
 lori might surprise you when her and mariisa put their heads together look out.
 
 I have primary physical custody and make all decisions based on doctors and schools so she doesnt have to sign anything.
 
 if lori intefers look out all hell will break loose. what was the agrrement on coustody of kids after divorce is finalized?
 
 its more in depth than even Lori wants to do. lol
 
 I dont even think Marissa will get that dirty... its far more effort than she wants to deal with
 
 i'm talking about marissa and ryenne and you and ? sorry don't know her name
 
 and so I could get them in school
 
 doctors etc..
 
 she had to sign stating I had primary custody of the kids until the divorce finalized
 
 so I could get a house
 
 I had to make that public when I got here
 
 airforce knows she's not with me
 
 just be careful because if air force gets wind of their stupideity i don't know what that would do to you
 
 don't count on lori staying out of it because she knows the ins and outs of court and has used almost every lawyer in town and some out of town.
 
 but I'll just warn you guys ahead of time
 
 if Lori convinces her to be stupid
 
 all hell will break loose
 
 but as long as Lori stays the hell out of it
 
 then it will go fine and everyone will be civil. 
 
 i wish you luck. a few days with lori and she's liable to completely change everyting she agreed on. know what i mean?
 
 me and marissa still agree on everything
 
 but thats only if Lori gets stupid basically
 
 the airline won't give out that info. at least that's the way it used to be
 
 her plane ticket that the military issued was never used
 
 so proving she didn't leave is easy
 
 and finding her name on the roster in August is easy also
 
 how would the military know if she left or even when she left england?
 
 it could get messy because nbo matter what ks pretty well sides with mother. i know a case where the judge made the mother take the kids even though she didn't want them. so be careful what you say
 
 that's a tricky situation because of your situation.
 
 since the military purchased her a ticket and she didn't leave wtih me
 
 because she knows if she fights
 
 I'll file abandonment for the time she was still in England
 
 and she still agrees with everything
 
 she just wants it done
 
 have you talked to marissa lately about her standing on the divorce?
 
 EVERYTHING
 
 literally
 
 because if Lori reads our divorce statemnt and agreement she will try to get marissa to change everything
 
 exactly. 
 
 that's a BIG worry
 
 I'm worried about Lori starting shit
 
 and she is fine on this aspect. 
 
 Ik now how she is
 
 worth checking into. you know how she is
 
 its filed as her right to appear in court is waived
 
 not sure.
 
 can she change her mind about the waver?
 
 Marissa waived her right to appear in court.
 
 so all I need is the class forms submitted and a lawyer to appear for me. and then the divorce is done
 
 I've been talking to. if I can find a cheaper one
 
 I'll do them. lol
 
 i haven't heard of her personally but i don't like crow.  good luck\n
 
 Here is the lawyer I have been talking to.\nAmy CoppolaAttorney at Law\nCrow &amp; Associates\n302 Shawnee Street
 
 P.O. Box 707Leavenworth
 
 KS 66048Tel: 913-682-0166; Fax: 913-682-2130\n\nheard of her?
 
 me too.later
 
 ttyl
 
 well off to bed
 
 that's the way life goes.lol
 
 pain in the ass currently.... saundra finally hit the terrible 2s (a year late)
 
 very true. how are the kiddo's?
 
 lol oh.... well..... haha  I'm doing ok
 
 and she's still struggling... sooo I get my payback. ROFL
 
 that's where you F   up.
 
 darn my luck. rofl
 
 eh
 
 I just told her what to do in the beginning
 
 and it stayed that way
 
 until I started making her go out and socialize. lol
 
 sometimes it's like being married. huh?
 
 that's the dictatorship for you.lmao
 
 I now get to workout 6 days a week
 
 failed my fitness test on the run portion
 
 so now I'm in 'remedial' training. so not tooo much of a choice.
 
 ambitous aren't we?
 
 did a 5 hour hike today
 
 i hear thaqt.lol
 
 nope just checking all my accounts before bed
 
 are you at work?
 
 well it's true. they act just alike
 
 haha
 
 like mother like daughter.lol
 
 especially Marissa ROFL
 
 no body
 
 who has money for bills?
 
 lol
 
 and I still owe my grandparents for the car so I have to sell it over 3K so I can pay them the 3K i owe
 
 always fun. we just had taxes done we have to pay one and make enough on the other one to pay it.
 
 eh. lol I bought a van
 
 trying to sell the stationwagon
 
 so I can get me a little gas saver for my errands.. payin bills fun stuff. lol
 
 how are things going?
 
 u have $1000 left.
 
 I always forget. lol
 
 What do I have left to pay you guys?
 
 Sorry I didn't get the 100 to you this month
 
 I had no money since I had to drive most of the way to pick the kids up from Marissa since they apparently are broke
 
 and I had to give her gas money for what they spent to meet me.... 
 
 The kids had fun
 
 I have pictures up on my main site.
 
 after this $100 you owe 1200. did the kids enjoy halloween?\n
 
 Just sent 100$  should be in your account on Monday
 
 what do I have left to pay? I have forgotten. I have been sending 100 a month\n
 
 Posted halloween pics of me and the kids on my main page... how much do I still owe you? I am getting ready to send 100 in the next day or so..
 
 hello?
 
 yep :)  its almost 200 more than I thought :P
 
 it is $3080.88. happy??????
 
 lol I
 
 Allen Phillip Johnson
 
 give you permission to open my IRS amendment Check envelope. :P
 
 i don't know it is a federal offense to open other people's mail. i know my dad work for the postoffice and mom wasn't allowed to open my mail. lol
 
 If anything I'll just forge her name
 
 but it shouldn't matter since I filed the amendment. lol\n\nthe check is what? 2900$ ish I'm giong to need that in the states. lol
 
 don't worry about this month i have it covered. i'll give you info when you get back to the states.  good news. i got your check today in the mail. how are you going to cash it? it has marissa's name on it too.
 
 I have to add you to the other bank account
 
 becuase I will have to send you the 100$ from my main account as opposed to the First command account this month
 
 no i haven't gotten your letter. marissa said not to mail her ATM card or switch her money until July. her card has expired and she won't have an address until July to send it to. at least that's the last message i got from her. i don't hear from her very often anymore. good luck and i'll let you know when i receive the letter. love and kisses to all.
 
 have you gotten a letter in the mail for me?\nalso
 
 have you moved Marissa's 1925$ over into her account?\n\n\nI just got my orders finally so I am going to start trying to outprocess in the next couple days. :D
 
 Were good it took four and a half hours
 
 How are you and the BF doing? and How long did the tattoo take?
 
 I dont go out very often at all and what was the other question
 
 wow this computer sucks. lol the questions were. (how often do you go out and drink? and how are you and the BF doing? ) *note* these questions are not meant to lead to an assumption
 
 two seperate questions. lol\n\nAlso
 
 how long did the Tattoo take to do?
 
 wow. nice nice good luck with that
 
 yea they made it a couple months back. It runs right along with my degree's that i want (not including the Masters in Vocal and Instrumental Music. lol)
 
 haha.. darn.. ;) i was gonna talk about where I was gonna stick me.;) hehe
 
 um kinda getting ready to leave thats why i said kinda lol takin four stir crazy kids to mc donalds stupid rain all week and they are spring break and bored stiff lol
 
 good
 
 cuz I'm bored. lol entertain me. :P
 
 kinda
 
 u online?
 
 nudity!  hehe
 
 I am not dealing with drama if someone finds out again
 
 kk
 
 ok....    make sure you delete all of our messages just to be safe
 
 and DONT tell anyone.
 
 ok well dog needs to go out and hubby is off in an hour and a half and i havent gotten anything done so i will be back later
 
 ew no
 
 no
 
 I want one now :P then one after. ;)
 
 i need to take a bath and save before i do
 
 lol
 
 well take a few
 
 send them. then do laundry. ;) hehe
 
 i gotta get some work done supposed to be cleaning house and doing laundry and sorting a mountain of laundry thats occupying most of my room lol
 
 pwetty pwease? id send some back if you wanted. ;)
 
 maybe not right now though
 
 soo... bathroom trip to take a couple up close "lips" spread pics to email? ;)
 
 lol
 
 but but I wanna see the lovely pussy
 
 Imma stuff full later. ;) hehe
 
 we'll see its just a pain
 
 and i HATE the way i look
 
 then take them
 
 email them
 
 delete them. ;)
 
 kids play with my phone/camera
 
 why? :D
 
 idk
 
 soo...... pictures? ;) hehe
 
 dont know when I'll be in town again though...
 
 ok
 
 we will figure that out when I'm intown before we start. 
 
 maybe must ave safe word if something hurts too much
 
 ;) hehe
 
 even if you are in pain
 
 we can still do a bj.........or 6
 
 i guess
 
 hehe
 
 hows that?
 
 lol
 
 so I'll just have to cum in your mouth and pussy till you're overflowing to compensate. ;)
 
 hmm.. darn..well I guess no anal. :P
 
 yes 
 
 even you laying on your back for anal?
 
 anal that has been stressing my back too much
 
 which part? lol
 
 idk
 
 hows that sound?
 
 soo.. oral
 
 anal
 
 and regular? hehe
 
 nope
 
 lol just curious. ;) 
 
 getting desperate huh lol
 
 then I'll just tie you down so you can't move. ;) hehe
 
 lol sometimes the pain outweighs thats when it stops being enjoyable
 
 when every move hurts it is kinda a turn off like flipping a switch
 
 hehe
 
 well I could just gag you and do it anyways. lol turn the pain into pleasure
 
 would be beetter if i had medical could see a doctor and at least get pain meds but i am on nothing right now so i do good just to get atound the house
 
 unfortunately any  more it depends on the day
 
 most of the time i am in so much pain i can't stand to even cuddle 
 
 kinda
 
 you kow you want me to 'stuff' you ;)
 
 haha. 
 
 a miracle unfortunately
 
 fun fun.... how would we get alone in your room? lol
 
 er crumbled
 
 i had to duct tape the bathroom wall by the tub where the tiles fell off and the moldy wall behind it crubled
 
 stupid landlord is a damn slum lord and won't fix shit
 
 well if you don't mind our gross falling apart bathroom
 
 hows that sound?
 
 lol
 
 long bathroom trip for you? ;) hehe
 
 stupid h key only works when it wants to
 
 hehe
 
 hmmm movie time?
 
 er he
 
 lol e will only take a nap with me
 
 well guess you are going to have to go to the grocery store when he is home
 
 so you can 'get some' hehe or.... your three year old can take a nap when they are home
 
 and I can throw you on a bed. :P
 
 allen works 11-730 and my three year old comes home at 1130
 
 well the only time i dont have kids here is pretty much when allen is here lol
 
 how is it tricky?
 
 as long as we can keep anyone from knowing which can be tricky
 
 hows that sound?
 
 lol
 
 what if the kids were at school
 
 Allen was at work
 
 and I was in you? ;) hehe
 
 maybe? lol
 
 maybe
 
 so you still wanna find out? ;)
 
 k
 
 well
 
 I wanted to find out
 
 and if you want me to find out
 
 dont fucking tell anyone :P
 
 i am kinda good at that lol 
 
 hehe.... shove it down your throat and give you a mouthful :P
 
 lol
 
 i might just shove something in your mouth to keep you quiet. ;)
 
 well if you keep your mouth shut... we might have fun when I get in town next time ;) hehe
 
 fun fun fun....
 
 my back gets progressively worse as time goes on
 
 :P
 
 whats going on now?
 
 working it out would be difficult
 
 i never leave the house really not even to visit my best friend this stay at home mom and being pretty much disabled thing kinda sucks
 
 only a maybe? :P
 
 maybe
 
 maybe next time im in town
 
 and no one fucking finds out!   well try it again lol
 
 wanted a change a lil excitement and someone who notices me
 
 sounds like u wanted it ;) hehehe
 
 eh nothing ever goes as planned for me
 
 why not?
 
 its cool didn't really expect it to anyway
 
 well his drama is why it didnt happen so :-P
 
 sorry
 
 it just added to his numerous reasons to hate me
 
 oh well i stopped caring about all the lv drama
 
 i dont really remember 
 
 any particular reason you told Brenton (ages ago) about what we had planned out?
 
 well maybe we can double both of those numbers in our hotel visit.
 
 ok talk to you in a little bit
 
 Nope
 
 the somputer messed up and I had work stuff. lol \n\nthese computers SUCK
 
 yep i upset you sry
 
 ...
 
 poke
 
 So
 
 i have an assignment for you. It will make you smile. I want you to write down everything that you want to do when i come back
 
 in the time we would hang out in one day. ;) in detail. what we would do
 
 what you would do to me
 
 and what you would want me to do to you (be VERY specific. :P ). write it all down (i know you will smile while you do it) and email it to me. apj_elfman@yahoo.com\n\nI'll be waiting for a letter. \n\nPhillip
 
 guess you aren't getting back on. I will talk toyou later then dear.
 
 why havent you gotten back online???\n\n:(
 
 I am online whenever you get on.
 
 ...
 
 Hey
 
 I know its a little late
 
 but congrats on finally joining
 
 and kudos on the Marksman (I dont have that lol I should go get it... haha I haven't shot since 07')  Sucks about not getting the job you wanted. but I hope you like what you got put into. If not you can try and retrain in 2 years. \nIf you have any AirForce related questions
 
 Please don't hesitate to ask. I will do what I can to either answer them
 
 or push you in the correct direction to help with the furtherment of your career. 
 
 i keep leaving my browser up... lol and i had to go to bed so i logged out
 
 haha
 
 i thought it was something interesting. And why the hell do you keep going on and offline??
 
 alot of stuff... a cool dagger
 
 a spell
 
 some lands and soldier things
 
 what did you get from it? Curious
 
 just know
 
 and this is important. that i am not trying to persuade her to date me or anything like that. But i would never hurt her. \n\n\nBut
 
 I dont see her even wanting to be with me anymore. so it doesnt matter. ~sigh~ lol
 
 im sooo mad at you.... x(
 
 Hen
 
 if there was a cheat sheet to life
 
 it wouldn't be fun. :) \nHows everything on your end deary
 
 Anything new and fun?
 
 What do you have planned after Lansing High now?
 
 Wish everything went better.. sorry to hear it didn't
 
 well
 
 those individuals made their beds and they can deal with it
 
 High school drama is beneath me\n\nttyl hun and I hope you get the scholarship
 
 Yeh I know
 
 we'll see how things go and I'll let you know..
 
 I am glad things started looking up. \nIf you are in town when I get back for my 2-3 weeks and wanna grab lunch
 
 let me know. But.. I'm not going to be visiting your house.
 
 Everything's great
 
 except mom has been bugging me again lately.. idk if her meds are working the way they should anymore..
 
 bf
 
 mom
 
 etc..?
 
 Your new profile picture #1 of 89.\n\nIts AMAZING! I have to be careful about what exactly I say
 
 but damn!\n\none lucky MF'ing Boyfriend let me tell you.
 
 How is everything going for you? Hope the summer is still going well.\n\nHope you are doing well.\n\nI hope that you dont get wierded out by things that i say dear. I dont really have the luxury of not being mostly blunt. So I do apologize.\n\n\nanyways
 
 i dont want to lose you as a friend
 
 so if i say something
 
 or act innappropriately
 
 please let me know. Ok?\n\nluv ya\n\nPhillip
 
 You look simply Stunning. I absolutley love the new profile pic. Breath taking. Love ya hun\n\nPhillip
 
 Please remember
 
 If you need a brothertype figure
 
 I am here... But also remember
 
 if you want more
 
 I am also here
 
 but until (if ever) you specify
 
 i will be the brotherlike figure for you hun. Ok?\n\nPlease remember
 
 \n\nLove you\n\nPhillip\n\nP.S. ~~joke~~ you parent approve of me. lol ~~end joke~~
 
 Are you gonna talk to me again? I would like to know if i did something wrong.\n\nPhillip
 
 Ok
 
 i dont know what i did. but. Can i at least get a message telling me to fuck off? I am not trying to hook up with you anymore. ANd the room at my house whereever i get stationed in the states is still open
 
 even if it is your last resort. No string attached
 
 just a place to live
 
 help you establish yourself
 
 and help teach you money management
 
 with a little cushion. No weird stuff
 
 no shit like that. K?\n\nI guess i will talk to you later
 
 or not. Remember
 
 I can just be a friend
 
 so dont push me away becuase you think that i cant. \n\nPhillip
 
 Ok
 
 I dont know why you aren't talking to me
 
 But I would like to express my condolenses for your loss
 
 I am sorry and i hope you are doing ok.\n\nWith all my respect
 
\n\nPhillip
 
 so... how is the states?
 
 toss it bro
 
 we found an electricity bill in a folder from April. what do you want us to do with it?  just wondering
 
 argh.......
 
 Just checking in
 
 Dont end up like me. K? So how is the packing going?
 
 Yea
 
 just aggravated at my wife's uninforming neglect. Thanks for the query though.
 
 Interesting post to Renee. just checking in.
 
 Anger level. uncontrollable urge to kill things
 
 people
 
 and cause some people perpetually excusiating pain. or something like that.\n\nTHe (arrangement). It will have to do. At least I get 'some"thing out of it. lol ~sigh~\n\noh well.
 
 affects you how......What exactly are we talking about here.
 
 first time's hard
 
 really hard. we'll see how the second time effects me.\n\n~~copy and paste last shifts topic into this sentence~~
 
 love you too
 
 mwah love you
 
 Kk
 
 so them rocking chair of doom
 
 and they have either 2 or 3 spaced out enough not death.
 
 because mommy done
 
 BTW the baby chair is athe next door with note
 
 then go bed
 
 love you I'm going to watch actresses commiserate with me
 
 duh I knew that and I'm not tech
 
 Getting started. Woohoo holy hell this is going to be hard
 
 
 
 Kk Imma wait for them too open. Then come change and grab stuffs
 
 not that I know od
 
 Hair place open at 9. Need anything from store?
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 yes
 
 U still have sliders?
 
 Kk
 
 Kids made lunchables
 
 What dinner?
 
 At Algernon
 
 when home
 
 Kk
 
 soda por favor
 
 \U0001f378
 
 Down to owing lawyer 3300\nJust paid 500
 
 
 
 dork face
 
 Picked up coffee... This song was playing rofl
 
 
 
 \U0001f378
 
 Ill print out my schedule when I get a second. I think o have 1 class tomorrow rofl
 
 Mwah.
 
 ttyl
 
 I gotta go do more laundry
 
 k I'm still trying to find the stinking clothes for the babies so I can pick up little ones at 1255
 
 But I might as well go to pima and start that process and see if they will just accept my devry credits lol
 
 1ish I think
 
 yay fucking bullshit that was
 
 Positive..\n No 8am class now
 
 lol what time home today?
 
 :D
 
 I'm back down to 12 units. Meaning I can now devote those 4 units to fixing the math department by filing complaints with the dean of students between my other classes
 
 ut at least Pima cheap
 
 stupid heads.
 
 I won't get my diploma until I finish calc at pima
 
 The university is good at not dealing with the math department. Lol
 
 how does that make any sense
 
 So.. I can technically graduate this semester. But I have to take calc at pima this summer..
 
 K.  Fucking school
 
 kk need smokems
 
 @ wilmot
 
 Headed to bank now
 
 when the fuck homevsude
 
 
 
 cars green
 
 
 
 
 
 But... Her colleague who's worked there a year told her this....
 
 And I even told here where they form was..
 
 They did it last semester too
 
 kk see you when home
 
 lol
 
 Fuck that. Doing the money tomorrow.\nThey are doing the we don't have that form they duo shit again
 
 I just don't want pizza....it's blah and I'm hungry
 
 She's getting the va form now
 
 Kk
 
 Yeah there's only 5 kids
 
 Is that enough
 
 sure
 
 3 pep and 1 works?
 
 fine
 
 Phone almost dead\n At financial aid. Then getting pizza. Prolly a late lunch. Thought this would be faster
 
 
 
 
 
 here your father bonding tome
 
 Rightfully deserved medals lol
 
 Do you know AppLike? AppLike suggests new games and rewards you with coins and gift cards (Amazon
 
 PayPal
 
 Google Play..) for playing them! Install the app here and you will receive 4444 coins as an initial credit. https://goo.gl/cSuRDs
 
 
 
 
 
 Car is a botch. Soo done with loans
 
 Told ya. Lol
 
 ah kk
 
 370 is car
 
 Ahh.. Ok ill use ur card
 
 what was the 370
 
 k there should be 150 on my card.
 
 I have cash. Good thing I have been hiding money in my wallet and around the house. Fuuuck
 
 
 
 Um.. Ya..
 
 Lol
 
 chocolate mikey at stpre
 
 And..
 
 chocolate
 
 At store. Whatcha need?
 
 
 
 Frys busy
 
 theoretically
 
 Dollar store should have right?
 
 and shes afraid of the spray that stings
 
 her "mouth" is her throat
 
 I tried to get hold of yoy
 
 Grr. I have to go back?
 
 Allen Phillip Johnson missed a call from Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda.
 
 sophia can't take the throat spray
 
 losenges
 
 booze
 
 smokes
 
 ketchup
 

 
 Neededness
 
 Items of headedness?
 
 Need what
 
 Wjat neeeeed
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Just applied for this in Sierra vista
 
 horny come home fuck sleep
 
 kk
 
 Heading home
 
 I'm not big enough. But cool job lol
 
 
 
 Good thing pizza esta menos dolores
 
 Grargity no fs card
 
 sure
 
 What.. Like 8 of them ? Lol
 
 kk
 
 K. I'm thinking about the totinos pizzas for das kidz
 
 Billy doesn't get picked up till after 5 so plan 7
 
 Kids
 
 We'll have 6?
 
 dinner
 
 ceran wrap soda caffiene vaseline stinky meds
 
 unholy had a slot
 
 ...
 
 unholy
 
 And he looks like he's in pain lol
 
 Where r u at?
 
 
 
 yes
 
 Alive?
 
 
 
 Smartass :p
 
 good job big smart boy
 
 Got a 90%
 
 So we will get no money bah wise until Feb first
 
 12/1-12/31 housing
 
 cause 630.00 wtf money come from
 
 630.00
 
 6.30 or 630.00
 
 kk
 
 630ish in account
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 There tell your brother to go get a job
 
 
 
 
 
 U know damn well I wouldn't blue cheese
 
 no blue cheese is gross
 
 Holy fuck...........
 
 
 
 https://melmagazine.com/i-was-a-men-s-rights-activist-55a0d2eb6052#.k53184e9y
 
 so I have to leave here by noon due to lunch rush..  fun.. so I have an hour
 
 155
 
 grargh.... when do they get out?
 
 bubba and saundra rene and Adam have ride
 
 which ones?
 
 kk please be home in time to pick up little ones
 
 Phone off
 
 almost dead
 
 so I wanted to save battery till I left. Message me here if you need something :D Mwah
 
 Kk
 
 game boy in drawer to right of stove
 
 Kk
 
 tp
 
 Out of to?\n\nAnd ok for steam cleaner
 
 brushes don't turn
 
 almost out of to and I figured out what's wrong with the steam cleaner. needs a new belt
 
 
 
 imagine with all the bavies
 
 snow you know why I don't like doing ut
 
 Tjays fucking stupid \n\n\nAnd they're late...
 
 I park in the lot walk through the front come out the back door that goes to the parking lot
 
 So I have to walk through the school to get to the classroom out back then walk through the school again?
 
 
 
 Booo
 
 no the gates at the school are never unlocked except bus Bayright when the busses come anymore because whayever.
 
 K cuz the gates are still locked... Normally by now they are unlocked...
 
 yes
 
 Phone almost  dead 150 release?
 
 Back in a bit... Car overheated again
 
 Shoot him the link. Looks like he might be qualified for a couple of them lol
 
 idk
 
 Came through my email
 
 Mike?
 
 http://fmi.taleo.net/careersection/3/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en&amp;portal=20260111668
 
 Booze... I want booze..  Need booze... Booze nownownownow
 
 \U0001f378
 
 \U0001f378
 
 \U0001f378
 
 
 
 kk
 
 Orange creme or yellow redbull
 
 what ha want
 
 
 
 
 
 ie I'll send you and michael out before me 99% time because I know I'm crazy but fuck leaving if for not kids
 
 is too much I will sum up\nalways want bunker\nhouse never safe as child\ncan't afford bunker\nhouse vaguely safe and no pedos\nhouse is closest thing to bunker\nno want to leave\nno want kids to leave but requires\nrequired me leave to deposit and return children\nexcessive movement bad\nnever take same route home in case someone follow to bunker\nonly outside places when sane or cabin fever\nhome is bunker\nbunker is home\ndon't open the door. \nsurvive\nis all need know for you.\nsee crazy summed up
 
 When the haymaker doesn't work.....
 
 kk
 
 Tmobile bull has to be paid out of Mikey friday
 
 lol like I said enough money not to worry about money
 
 Even on this cheap scale
 
 I wish we could always just go buy things lol
 
 sure why not
 
 And a thing of spoons/forks?
 
 yes
 
 We need what.. 7 of each? Cup bowl plate
 
 maybe
 
 When Mikey home
 
 Kk. Then wanna go thrift store for from grandpa gifts?  We can spend like 50-100 and still be fine for the rental.
 
 sure get smokes too
 
 Need me dollar store plates bowls and cups?
 
 392$ in account
 
 Before discount it was 98$
 
 73$ and a mountain dew.  I said 10$ per kid. Nailed it lol
 
 50 bucks
 
 Guess what I spent
 
 Robert gave me a discount on the pokemon lol
 
 Okie dokie
 
 Going too deposit dads check then hone
 
 kk
 
 Stopping and getting I way home
 
 I still think it's stupid and they'll be gone in a day for punish but sure
 
 Demoss
 
 You still ok with pokemon From grandma demos?
 
 love you
 
 Bye. Mwah I left
 
 then get on at her one
 
 The one on the counter Hythe coffee pot is bad.
 
 no but you have orange soda
 
 Do I have otamgebsoda?
 
 yes
 
 Smokes?
 
 just get the kids food and come home
 
 Yeah I literally can't think of anything
 
 .......
 
 no I thought of that but they are too small and I'll have to eat like 15 and fuck that
 
 White castle?\nAnd chocolate
 
 I got nothing I know I want sugar and something hot and toasty. basically I want a burger
 
 fries and a chocolate cake or milkshake.  and that coats money so fuck if I know.
 
 Out of chikwaff
 
 um....hungry man chicken and waffles?  or like I don't know shit that can be heated for to eat that tastes like food probably 2 of whatever
 
 Any idea then
 
 Bleeh
 
 my tummy is angered no angering suhi
 
 they hurt my tummy
 
 eew no
 
 Sushi?
 
 Door
 
 Reception is shotty on campus. All garage systems crashed for entry. The elevators in highland were out. It'sweird lol
 
 just you didn't respond so I was confuzzled
 
 Ya. Driving what's up
 
 helllooooo
 
 awesome I do not want to pick up kids with all the kids if I don't fucking have to. you should bring back food but in sure lunch places aren't open yet
 
 Soonish lol got here. Check everything.. I have nothing today.. So imma go check with the bookstore since my booklist for winter isn't updated and that's about it
 
 when home today?
 
 kk well do it you have laptop
 
 We need to pay tep today. Money already on Mikey account
 
 Hmm..  No clue
 
 Yeah it's mikey xbox stupid again or live is down
 
 I know our gold is renewed.
 
 Is internet still working?
 
 xbox live won't connect again stupid shit. so we are watching frosty.....ugh burn my eyes. I'm to fucking old for christmas
 
 
 
 
 
 kk
 
 Almost done. And phone almost dead
 
 I need to I'm outta smokes and we need some groceries
 
 Wanna go store?
 
 eh
 
 Didn't know when I was gonna be home . fighting with video upload. I've recorded it 3 times already and they keep fucking corrupting
 
 ugh ess
 
 why do you fuck me over so badly
 
 On bookshelf
 
 Don't have fs
 
 Cereal bread
 
 lunchmeat
 
 soda
 
 caffiene please
 
 good job
 
 I have 2 paragraphs done... And found all my sources. Lol
 
 Fun..
 
 so I'm going to get exactly nothing done today Sony hit the damage part
 
 the kids are all I feel like crap but God forbid I rest and my leg has died
 
 
 
 Probably upside down... Greeat
 
 because Adam saw an SD slot and pulled one off the bookcase and shoved it in because there's a hole for it. he's taking a nap now
 
 Why are they fucking with sd cards?
 
 Adam got an SD card stuck in bubias ds SD slot I can't get it out. saundra is the only one feeling okay with no fever other then stinker
 
 Fun times. At least all at once
 
 rene's getting picked up
 
 no Adam has a fever.
 
 Big 2 goo to school?
 
 no
 
 Pssht so
 
 no booze it's only noon
 
 ?
 
 nope
 
 Booooze
 
 \U0001f378
 
 Yup
 
 \U0001f378
 
 
 
 you'll have to call them
 
 
 
 then past dues like 350
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 then don't fucking poke fine
 
 I wasn't trying to piss you off...
 
 I'm cranky
 
 Aiden is passed out
 
 the kids aren't listening
 
 saundra bitcheddar about doing last week's homework because dojo points
 
 the big are still at cheris she's gonna drop them off late
 
 I'm tired
 
 no one will shut the fuck up and I'm going to be dealing with kids for 2 plus more hours
 
 stay up too late because angry and be tired tomorrow so no im not excited about it but the kid needs money and for fucks sake this is why wire transfers were fucking invented but your lacking skill so it will take you three days to figure out wells Fargo so yeah. it's fucking fine. and when I said fine you just should have left it dumbass because now I'm pissed instead of irritated because I listed all the reasons it was fine but I can't tell you no don't go give the money we owe to the goddess poor guy who fixed our car when we were fucked for free and is treating his fucking cancer now can i? jesus way to make me a cunt. go give him his money you ficker
 
 Which generally means bleh/grumpy/disapprove
 
 I said fine.
 
 Wat
 
 Fine
 
 K?
 
 That'll leave 57$ in the account
 
 Gonna pull the 300 and drive out to TaRa s
 
 Didnt
 
 Dodnt do it
 
 great now I'm projectile vomitng. I blame you
 
 my back is angered
 
 Yeah my back tweaked when I bent to pick up dog shit in the hallway.
 
 I want sleeping
 
 Tried to not throw up all day yesterday and my stomachs killing me today..\n\nAnd that's not counting my back or knees
 
 I'm tired
 
 Feel like shit
 
 :p
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol :p
 
 I don't want jerky I want the fuckers to bed like good little demobs
 
 &lt;3
 
 Bringing you jerky lol :)
 
 Heading out
 
 kk
 
 so I only had the little three
 
 ???
 
 mom fed them.
 
 just got home
 
 how are the kids doing? general hellishness or better or worse?
 
 k?
 
 coming home after I get the next critical analysis done.
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 I need multiple these
 
 Lol
 
 lol one day there will be no kids and we shall have alchohil advent calenders.
 
 Wow.. I'm old
 
 That's dangerous in the houses lol
 
 Lol
 
 if we had money merry christams
 
 
 
 Boredom on a whole new level
 
 Umm.... Ok lol
 
 
 
 no
 
 Med anything storr
 
 Phone x.  Mwah love yoy
 
 is gorg
 
 Nice
 
 
 
 Phone almost dead. I feel like shit...
 
 Pic?  And the dragon could be black and grey
 
 you ever want. Balch and grey tat you need brandon roberts.  Mirada gorgon head turned out fucking epic.
 
 And it needs gas that's why ibtook it
 
 Checked. Fam turned off when I turned off car this time
 
 
 
 it dies I'm not coming to get you. I ain't driving the van at night in the freezing with no damn lights
 
 maurice and Joey 3 kids plus Adam at least. fight cause fastest hands of the west.\npeople were yelling at Adam and then he yelled back. \nthen they were hitting and pushing\nAdam pushed too\nAdam hid behind a tree then was gonna go use bathroom. \nsaw the principle and ran \nthought he was in trouble for fight\nthen historical break down of doom.
 
 nvm
 
 where did you put
 
 Can you bring the charger out
 
 
 
 you should have just then the van and let the car charge
 
 Hahaha pink
 
 
 
 Had to get a jump. Ill be back in a few
 
 dork faced
 
 2 for the price of 1 on my 30mls because had enough points.  Awesome
 
 
 
 he wouldn't tell them he got into a fight
 
 Its not the alternator its the damn fan
 
 I was gonna take him to magic with me to watch tonight.m fuck that
 
 
 
 \U0001f378
 
 lol don't give people cards
 
 Took a minute
 
 I had to get from bartender
 
 I already did I'm not slow like you
 
 Check text for things
 
 never
 
 Gimme*
 
 Gonna a second..
 
 babe check ur texts for things
 
 ah
 
 
 
 Link broke. Lol
 
 ?
 
 Need job....
 
 ugh. I hate that. I can't believe I'm so fucking stupid
 
 Mwah
 
 Lol
 
 I did eat. I forced myself to finish big plate. now I'm nauseous and pass outy but I ate.
 
 I can't come home to slap you because I have presentations todat
 
 Eat. Now
 
 mom will and then she yelled at me. I'm going to stop trying to be useful now and just sit. because apparently I need to cause I'm a moron
 
 Kk
 
 in asking mom if she can.
 
 I think I had like five pizza rolls yesterday and five the day before.   even with eating I don't know if I can recover fast enough for Adam pick up. fucking a
 
 so I just realized that I haven't eaten anymore then a bite or 2 in 3 days. no wonder I'm about to pass out.
 
 I feel like I'm trying to breath in a vaccum. I keep breathing but I feel like there's no air. I'm just trying g not to faint.
 
 chillxd
 
 Ultra child ?
 
 tubnel
 
 I'm still just trying g to not black the eye
 
 I almost passed out while driving. Apparently ultra child are makes my brain not want to tell my lungs to breathe.
 
 Bought him a coffee and breakfast burrito . apparently most people are just dicks.. I'm the first one to say hi to him in a week
 
 Ran into the homeless sguy that cleaned my car a month or so ago
 
 I meant her thought of non perishable
 
 like you've never gone on a scavenger hunt
 
 Wtf
 
 lol
 
 Soo.... Just watched a sorority girl in the umart on a scavenger hunt. (Non perishable) grabbed a can of chicken noodle soup.....
 
 Gonna be a long day
 
 Wow.. Staring at mybphonem.... W hile looking for my phone...
 
 No cluebwhen home tonight. Doing ctrlf project and writing a paper and doing a presentation for tomorrow.
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 she won't put it down
 
 
 
 Lol poor bby
 
 "daddy come now? I mitt him" Sony is saying while carrying around that picture frame with the rando couple photo in it. Apparently that's us and she needs the picture because she mitts you.
 
 
 
 lol they all needed hi daddy
 
 Hi sophia
 
 Hi spnya
 
 
 
 Hi Aiden lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 tard
 
 I'm on \U0001f525 hahha
 
 
 
 nopity nope nope
 
 Lol
 
 Seems fun right l
 
 nopity nope nope
 
 
 
 
 
 and dream you is a butt
 
 I'm slow some mornings.
 
 just now realized that was my dream from last night.
 
 so I've been mad at you all morning for hanging out with your gf from the coffee shop. because I need help and your to busy with her and I told you no more gfs....
 
 doing laundry lala this is how we do it now
 
 lol
 
 Breakfast
 
 
 
 hey at that point mommy will not be the one checking her homework let's be honest. I'm only good until like geometry unless I get a refresh. log cos tan shit is not my bag
 
 Lol unless she's doing algebra with limits lol
 
 I got it right you just don't understand. ...no you don't there is only 1 answer child
 
 Lol
 
 I can math enough to know there is no way in fuck it's 20/30 just looking
 
 Lol
 
 Yeah but he can't math.
 
 Hee dad would have just said. Ok.. Youre right
 
 evil child. her teacher gets not she's stupid
 
 Rofl
 
 but mommy couldn't understand common core.....bitch I understand counting blocks.
 
 Lol k
 
 in rectangle not triangle
 
 instead of making a 5\xd76 she made a 5\xd77
 
 That made no sense..
 
 she doesn't understand the number of squares in triangle should equal common denominater
 
 If she's 'right' imma lose it lol
 
 Yeah their making rectangles and she's adding too many rowa
 
 Lowest common denominator. Multiply each side by the equivilant lol
 
 I just sent a note to her teacher. look she's getting this wrong and "mommy doesn't understand common core"
 
 Yeah I double checked on Internet be a use you kmow....fractions lol.
 
 17/30 right?
 
 stinky added 2/5 plus 1/6 and came up with 20/30. I told her that was wrong. she said I just didn't understand common core. I told her
 
 common core changes the way you do it
 
 not the answer. she doesn't believe me. now I have to note the damn teacher.
 
 \U0001f378
 
 \U0001f378
 
 Kk at least ill say night to big kids packing up now
 
 Yeah I'm sending the little to bed now but LG kids are homework
 
 \U0001f378
 
 I'm on slide 4. Getting ready to add in the results and findings section.. Think imma do that at home. Kids still up?
 
 Imma be up all night... Joy..
 
 the children worn shut the fuk up. they gonna die
 
 Yea..
 
 Qwerty vs ijqwerty vs other crap
 
 yep
 
 Blllallaaaaaagagggggghhh
 
 kk
 
 Trying to finish up at least 1 presentation here of the 2 I have tomorrow...
 
 yep.
 
 I'm feeling it in my shoulder today... From pushing the car last night. Lol owchies
 
 because real food is hard
 
 goat cheese and tomato pita
 
 ick
 
 Same.. Thought 4 research papers was bad enough.. Then the online course postedbtheirs
 
 stuff hard
 
 I'm so ugh
 
 lol
 
 Lol
 
 Yup
 
 our children r evil
 
 kk I got laundry and dishes going
 
 I just need to clean house and do the  twins room but I'll probably wait on the twins room till adult home
 
 Then start on my 416 presentation (that I give tomorrow) then my 302 presentation (which I have to redo the analysis that is to the twins....and I give tomorrow)
 
 I'm gonna go eat the buffet. Its quicker than the burger joint.
 
 k I'm trying to figure out how to get everything done
 
 Not a fucking clue. 4 projects 2 due tomorrow
 
 what time r u home today?
 
 Lol
 
 food
 
 ?
 
 
 
 There you go nikki. Now you can start vaping hahaha
 
 kk
 
 Started. The boys are off in the van. Sitting for some charge
 
 kk
 
 Mikey buying now. They were trashed threw them out months ago
 
 I think there are jumper cables in the van
 
 Its dead
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 you can't make it here and back in time. you shouldn't be stupid just cause I'm angry. I'm always angry
 
 Call is at 530
 
 Kids had Mac and hot dogs and ate it ALL
 
 soda and fucking cigarettes\nyou said you weren't gonna be home till 8\nalso fucking food
 
 Already halfway home. Whatcha want from damn store.
 
 \U0001f494
 
 \u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f
 
 have fun at your concert. love you fuck face.
 
 all of it
 
 now I have to go till whenever the fuck you get home with no smokes
 
 no food and no soda because my brother tried to be nice \nno he can't use it because you have fucking card. \nBofast you swipe card to access account. no one memorizes shit.  YOU HAVE ALL THE MONEY.
 
 He gets his bonus check today. So he will have a check when he comes home.
 
 because you were batching about needing money.
 
 He said he left it in my wallet on purpose
 
 you have all the money. ALL THE MONEY
 
 so much
 
 mother fucker I fucking hate you
 
 Messaged him this morning.
 
 Yes. And he knows tbat
 
 do you have Michaels card?
 
 
 
 Extra grand. 10k for the spring..  to paying the current balance on school for the meal plan..  So.. 6k. Booo... I want tattoo....
 
 Got the financial aide statement for spring lol wooo.... Lol
 
 \U0001f378
 
 I have to pick up the kids today boo\nalso my left hup and right arm are not working well. they are like half numb
 
 lol
 
 Want
 
 School
 
 Booze
 
 Need..
 
 \U0001f378
 
 
 
 \u2764
 
 \u2764
 
 \u2764
 
 \u2764
 
 \u2764
 
 dork
 
 \u2764
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 lol
 
 
 
 he is a good algea beast
 
 Weirdo
 
 algea beast
 
 running business out of mom's house through my bedroom window. werewolf friend running my business for me and stealing everything inclouding customers who flirt with me
 
 getting abducted
 
 throw already beast into moat he saves me by taking over crocodiles. this is af-er mom tried to turn him into soup so he was really weak and I had to give him like all of my energy
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 I totally told you your son found Redstone and is trying to make a machine. important info for home
 
 Just got it
 
 Did not get a message
 
 
 
 I was asking
 
 Just got you r sandwich. Chill girly :p
 
 okay. are you gonna come home now then go get Adam or stay till Adam out
 
 New resume
 
 
 
 yes kk
 
 Applied for an Intel instructor at ft huachuca again
 
 Adam gets out at like 320 right?
 
 smokes and something to eat please.
 
 hopefully the dizzy pass out shit passes soon
 
 fuck we have to shop tonight.
 
 yes
 
 I have to pick up Adam right?
 
 shit shit shit. I may have to doctor tonight.
 
 Mwah love you
 
 I'm trying but I'm mid dishes and laundry and still have to make lunch
 
 Um.. Sit and relax
 
 it's radiating out and back to my neck. and making me nauseated
 
 I had thatbthe other day. No clue
 
 I physically feel like I'm having a panic attack. but I'm not.....I'm confused. am I having a heart attack? I don't think I am.....I'm confused
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f44b
 
 \U0001f44b
 
 
 
 
 
 why aren't you home? you should be home. your class stopped at 315
 
 
 
 kk
 
 smokes
 
 lol kk still in class
 
 I'll live till mikey home
 
 eh forget the food.
 
 
 
 you should bring num nums with the smokes. I'm starving never enough food
 
 \U0001f378
 
 kk see you hours
 
 Heading to class to get ready
 
 \U0001f618
 
 Mwah love you.
 
 \U0001f496
 
 Ill just stuck to blehness
 
 I have class and a shit load of projects right now.
 
 \U0001f36d
 
 Bleh
 
 perk it up
 
 your pessimism is bad shit juju magnet
 
 come on\nseriously feel the universe love shit.
 
 X100
 
 \U0001f378
 
 \U0001f378
 
 
 
 \U0001f308
 
 \U0001f308
 
 \U0001f308
 
 
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 feel the love be the love be the success let it come to you universe is what we make of it blah blah blah hippy stuff
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 shit works out if you let it
 
 panic no helpy.
 
 we've well
 
 I've been more broke. lack of money doesn't bug me anymore
 
 Not when were this broke. No it doesn't work that way and you know it
 
 you gotta walk into it like eh
 
 there's another application out there for me if I don't get it I'll get another one. then you give better answers because not stress
 
 if you aren't stressed they aren't stress.
 
 Kinda the point of interviews...
 
 my mouth is full of peanut butter. \neh there only stressful because your stressed about job getting.
 
 I'm already sick of interviews. They are so damn stressfull
 
 I was gonna type garg garg but my autocorrect didn't like it
 
 gargantuan garg
 
 Grr grargity
 
 Experience on the lower side which puts me into the same pool as cross training current employees
 
 Love you too
 
 love you
 
 And.. Nope
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 Never
 
 kk buy smokes when come home
 
 Aleady at 50% and haven't really used it
 
 So phone likely gonna die
 
 Oh.. Forgot phone charger.
 
 business fish gives you luck
 
 Mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 Back at cha sweet cheeks lol
 
 
 
 good luck doll face
 
 \U0001f625
 
 2 minutes till phone interview.
 
 
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 now I gotta drink nasty ass coffee while you get a latte.
 
 poop head. you won't get me sugar and I have no money. rude
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCTWBHP6lV0&amp;spfreload=5
 
 :)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pink pink
 
 Pink
 
 A
 
 .
 
 Hehehe
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 here's the fuck
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 now I have a pile of glass and garbage in the kitchen to try to get picked up before dinner
 
 yep
 
 Now guessing twins
 
 Ahh.. Pic load
 
 Pic no load. But guessing adam
 
 guess whose room I cleaned out
 
 
 
 But can't find est for wa
 
 This is what glass door says
 
 
 
 lol
 
 I'm*
 
 Umm.... I'm. I've hit 50+ applications this week lol
 
 kk how much was that one?
 
 First techish phone interview tomorrow for Costco data analytics position in seattle
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 
 
 Okety dokety
 
 kk I just need to put in ten bucks
 
 K.. Don't know when I getting home tonight gotta work on projects but if Mikey doesn't get it ill get it before bed
 
 I'm gonna see if mom can pick up the kids but we need to gas tonight
 
 Joy...
 
 so I'm outta gas
 
 she's down to the last 1/8 a tank and started stalling on me.
 
 My booooot
 
 Hi
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 French fries\U0001f35f
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 stop with the fucking pink
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 \U0001f47d
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Its PINK
 
 
 
 kk don't get mugged
 
 Want.. Curl up on bench go sleeps
 
 yes chicken and rice was the container pantry
 
 Teriyaki?
 
 no but there's food if I get hungry enough to eat teriyaki
 
 Has u.s eaten
 
 nevermind
 
 Bleh.. I can walk back if you want s
 
 you gonna bring food or too tires.
 
 kk
 
 With class.. Don't wanna stay here. Ill do the handful of things tonight at home.
 
 Just got done
 
 No.. No ya. Lol
 
 yay
 
 Ya. In class.. Woooo
 
 I would much rather drive the car to pick up the kids today. it seems safer for half asleeprr
 
 Lol
 
 cheri pulled up I thought it was a you I was all excited for a sceibg
 
 she's worrking
 
 Wow.. That's an interesting autocorrect
 
 Um.. Tanja
 
 me van full of children and driving not great plan today
 
 I still have to drive in a couple hours to get big kids.
 
 I'm awake... I'm awake. Ima wake imaw ake . I ache..
 
 flood sleep food sleep food sleep food sleep
 
 Yeah I know.
 
 If I can wake up I have a shit load of projects that need to be done l\nThis week.like now. Last week now
 
 I'd say gyro but they went so crappy last time. I'm craving tzatziki but maybe not though to deal with crap meat
 
 Bring me food whenever you come home. maybe another jalape\xf1o sammich
 
 I need my own blood supply. seriously
 
 Well it will help my knees legs back migraines etc.. Hopefully
 
 sure won't help me any. I don't think anemia is fixed by pot
 
 So... Getting card out of taxes I'm guessing? Since we broked broke
 
 I'm right there with ya. I've woken myself up four times already. I've moved to sitting in the entry way against the door. trying to use the cold tile to keep me awake enough to prevent my children from killing themselves. they coated them selves in deodorant and sopha had an allergic reaction already. don't need more shit. ad
 
 Done
 
 I'm dont
 
 Need 250$so I can go get my card.  My knee still fucking hurts.
 
 I want sleep
 
 I was starting to clean. it failed
 
 I needed to be awake today I have like 5 projects and papers due
 
 Hopefully not on a flight of stairs though
 
 lol
 
 Soo see this happening today
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 but I'm awake
 
 I may be loopy with fatigue.
 
 0cean Ocean.
 
 the fact my brain a knowledges difference is weird.
 
 0 O the difference is weird
 
 I'm gonna be surprised if I have alive enough to pick out kids and make dinner. yay a 0 wooook
 
 Just found out. I got a 0 on an assignment I didn't k ow existed in my online class... So.. Ya.. There's that.. Don't. Care
 
 don't care what
 
 Bring home food when you do come kme
 
 it's kind of a fail. I haven't passed out yet so points I guess.
 
 this is myour problem as well. thecrashing. I'm trying to be awakeish
 
 But not awake enough to drive..
 
 Want to skip..
 
 So tired.
 
 Sitting on. A couch waiting to go to my next class.. Camt move.
 
 And.. I'm down....
 
 He shared the biker (will not learn a foreign language thing) again
 
 usually happens
 
 I have a feeling. Imma getting ready to poss off dad again lol
 
 a girl can dream can't she
 
 Lol
 
 you should come home and deal with kids so I can nap. because I'm tired.
 
 Lol I know the feeling
 
 seriously I was all good then boom. now I'm trying to keep my eyes open on the couch.
 
 Lol
 
 I'm so fucking tired. I was awake. I was good and then boom fatigue like a cunt.
 
 I am either gonna madsturbate and bed or fuck you. your choice
 
 Huh?
 
 
 
 @Camino seco
 
 
 
 Headed
 
 I had to use scary mommy voice. my throat hurts. I'm not meant to scream like fucking Linkin park
 
 love you too
 
 Ok reception is shotty out. Here whenever you get this. Mwah love you
 
 Dandelion HEDGEHOGS
 
 it's a preplanned burn lol
 
 Lol
 
 happens
 
 Mountain is on fire
 
 Hire a college student.. Payin in food and weed lmfao
 
 five loads of laundry 3 of dishes and there is still no dent
 
 
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 lol
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Getting ready to head towards the concert. 40 minute drive wooooooo lol
 
 Weird...
 
 
 
 good jobs
 
 Sierra Vista
 
 Here
 
 Pheonix
 
 Seattle\n Mesa
 
 yes I did good boy
 
 You see me application s from today? Lol
 
 Good heading home\n\nGood boy.
 
 Tyler bought pizza and fed kids too. he is good boy sometines
 
 there's pizza left for you if you want some they say.
 
 How mush boys pizza? Just got done
 
 Shane about thinks I'm anorexic because he's seen me eat. his wife doesn't know me well enough to be confused.
 
 Ihop... Mmmhmm:p
 
 I still can't eat for shit apparently
 
 boys have pizza and I have leftover ihop
 
 Wamt me bring home pizza when done?
 
 \U0001f440
 
 When you look death on the face lol
 
 
 
 So.. Ya\n\n\nThat happened just now..
 
 
 
 
 
 Oye.. The light makes me look super grey
 
 Lol :p
 
 yes
 
 Lol Better? With jacket?
 
 
 
 
 
 Look at me up in those top tables :D
 
 Its made it to tucson
 
 kk still didn't answer my question
 
 Ya lol heading home
 
 Will read in a minute..
 
 I don't get people crazy OMG angry about flag burning. I get veing that crazy angry at rioting and killing and looting and beating the crap outta people but flag burning not so much\nI get its a symbol of the nation
 
 but it's literally JUST A symbol. burning the flag does not diminish the country
 
 destroy the country
 
 or prove your superiority over the country. It's a symbol
 
 not life or death
 
 not someone's lively hood. \nAlso it's covered by law. I get where it's tacky and really just crass
 
 but not where it's this unforgivable sin. I've seen people wear flag underwater while drunk streaking through a park on veterans day and nobody bats an eye
 
 but burn that same pattern and everyone flips out. I honestly don't get it.
 
 
 
 
 
 the boys
 
 There's a lemon in my car...?
 
 
 
 Pheonix staged walk outs
 
 Umm.. I just spent the day on a college campus the day after one of the most controversial elections in a century
 
 why for
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Ohh... Nonono. Need booze
 
 a 1/6th
 
 We has booze?
 
 its all up in the air atm
 
 Well we shall see...
 
 Yeah that's a bonus but not necessarily good at the same time since he's saying hed only back un troops if he felt like it. that's not how alliances work dude. it's a bit awkward because it still may lead to a war with us on the other side of the un instead of Russia
 
 Bff with putin means no war
 
 like some of his policys
 
 despise some of the other crap like rich people tax cuts
 
 building a wall
 
 destroying Nato and the other trade agreements. and you know that whole part where he is BFF with putin.
 
 As long as he doesn't get steamrolled by the vp its not entirely terrible
 
 I reread some of his policy ideas
 
 some of them don't bug me like  blocking the at and t merger because it's too big. kay fine
 
 anyone who is deported and comes back gets 2 years in jail
 
 meh not really a fan of that one but it's not horrifying. wants to stop the un climate change stuff. bad bad plan.
 
 Lol
 
 all hail president fuck face von clownstick
 
 *that
 
 we had come so far as a progressive nation and then they pick the leftover conservative insane and have them elect and orange that faced "businessman"
 
 I can deal with republican presidents
 
 but he's just nasty
 
 I meant blow them up together. you know just boom bye bye
 
 Pence would have to go first. Has even crazier than trump
 
 
 
 not that I don't agree that he is not my fucking president. but in four years
 
 more young people voting. hopefully we can survive 4 years. or you know someone just blows up him and pence. but that's probably not gonna happen :(\nlol
 
 First programming application in for a position in Toronto with ibm
 
 California set a bad tone for this
 
 I know that's why I'm not going
 
 lighting shit on fire
 
 not just flags.
 
 Yeah no those protests are getting fucking nuts.
 
 
 
 yep
 
 Shit its wed..
 
 fuck me the damn water people are coming today
 
 Left energy drink on bookshelf. Please hide.. Or drink mwah
 
 for the moment it keeps fling back an d forth.
 
 Umm... Not final.. But Kansas is blue......
 
 
 
 love u too
 
 Love you
 
 kk totally fair
 
 If it goes red by 1 vote I get to smack you :p\n\nMwah
 
 Bring food
 
 bye
 
 yeah....no
 
 az is red. period end of story done.
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Go vote :p
 
 not really they always say that but it's never really a question
 
 Arizona was swing this time...
 
 electoral college makes my vote pointless.
 
 he already voted. and I don't vote because arizona
 

 
 And vice versa
 
 Sid u have Mikey watch kids so u go vote?
 
 Kk lol mwah
 
 ugh sammich I guess. fyckers.
 
 Pizza or sammich?
 
 bastards. I'll settle for cheap sammich
 
 Anchovies no exist on campus
 
 Jalapenos would get you a sandwich...(like deli style..) and that's about it
 
 he just says food. I say something with jalapenos or anchovies
 
 I feel this is loose choice making
 
 Mwah
 
 Well it specificity doesn't help. Lol
 
 mikey wants food toi
 
 he is less specific
 
 I want anchovies or jalapenos
 
 bastards.
 
 Its minimized for campus
 
 No anchovies on campus papa johns
 
 None of those are doable
 
 please
 
 works with anchovies minus olives\nor a burger with jalapenos
 
 and jalapenos
 
 Lol kk
 
 Yeah but by then I'll be watchin polls stressing and really needing food.
 
 Lol ok u know my last class gets out at like 645 right?
 
 ooh like a burger or fuck I don't know whatever the fuck you can get without money
 
 dinners gonna be screwed eggs
 
 bacon and toast. I want more foodness
 
 Bring me home a pizza or sometin
 
 Lol
 
 I know cheating but they make me scared
 
 I want real magical powers. I'll just brainwash everybody and make trump voters stay home sick
 
 I know
 
 four more hours till it starts.........I'm too tense for this shit
 
 Apparently this is life in America right now. I'm more afraid of the assholes who want to elect him. even if he loses they'll still exist and that scares me fuckless
 
 Grr
 
 our older two went to school scared of the election. . .
 
 I know right lol
 
 I hope so
 
 Hillary stomping trump lol
 
 tf
 
 
 
 only 7 more hours till results start rolling in...
 
 it's imporant like when our kids are older it's gonna be use condoms so you don't get aids or ghonnorea and stuck on meds forever.
 
 Not happening but ok. Noted
 
 which BTW in case I haven't told you. condoms condoms condoms. if you cheat on me use a damn condom. the drugs aren't working anymore and if I get super ghonnorea from you I may have to kill you. like it's going on the worse then herpes for permanent still shit because it can cause sterility
 
 Lol
 
 eh it'll spread. shit does
 
 like ghonnorea
 
 Its in like L.A.
 
 you can probably request no
 
 Damn onions...
 
 \U0001f440
 
 ooh who doesn't love Asian mexican fusion
 
 
 
 yep
 
 Just thought about it..  Of Hillary wins.. That's back to back Democrat
 
 lol
 
 Lets see..  Family oriented.. \u2714  vet \u2714  scandals \u2714 I'm qualified
 
 lol
 
 Johnson for President 2028 :D
 
 nopers
 
 Not ivonka? Lol
 
 Lol
 
 I'm nota politicians wife
 
 Oh.. Why not
 
 no
 
 Me.\n In local government..  Whatcha think? Lol
 
 haha
 
 Lol if its the same in Seattle.. Fuck I'll run
 
 that's usually how it works. never enough people wanting to run for the "lesser" offices
 
 Did you know only 1 Person was runny for county treasurer
 
 Voted for a couple Independant and a couple green party lol
 
 Scary. Right? Republican.. Doing.. Job... Haha
 
 can't argue that
 
 He actually does his job
 
 Yup
 
 lol mccain?
 
 Lol
 
 Miraculous... I voted for 1 \nre publican
 
 my head goes boooooom
 
 bbbbd
 
 Lol bbbed
 
 eh it's just Sony ignoring me and Aiden stealing shit
 
 Load
 
 Vid no loaf
 
 
 
 
 
 I'm kind of attached to it. it's weirdly comforting\nmy head is pounding. \nchildren won't listen
 
 The world anthem lol
 
 Lol soo\n. when Russia conquers all...
 
 he sings.  bloody bloody bloop beepy
 
 Eating so no sound but I'm confused lol
 
 \U0001f440
 
 
 
 
 
 js
 
 Lol
 
 I may be horny.....
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Lol
 
 a cartoon sugar pirate. why does that sound like weird porn
 
 Lol so now I'm a pirate lol
 
 captain crunch
 
 ?
 
 can cru ch
 
 Hahahaha
 
 
 
 Jk
 
 All located in south America hahahah
 
 
 
 5 applications in
 
 I am so fucking tired
 
 nope
 
 Just got a message her absent lol
 
 no he's at school
 
 Adam absent?
 
 \U0001f440
 
 I keep telling you that you never losten
 
 I thought she was growing up... I stand mistaken...
 
 no
 
 Lol what... Not 12? Haha
 
 no God no fuck no
 
 Love you toooo (wanna get pictures rofl)
 
 kk love you
 
 Gonna go check va stuff. Mwah
 
 midterms come on happy dance
 
 that means you are at mid point of semester half way
 
 all down hill from here
 
 yay
 
 Hell week begins
 
 Meet with PhD in education about funding research at 1
 
 yay
 
 First..class.... Test I didn't know about...  Midterm wed.. Wooo lol
 
 hahaha
 
 She's 18 again... Great...
 
 I figured lol
 
 prom esque not proves que
 
 very proves que yes transfer to another 1:1 With an easier vlient
 
 Good for Mikey?  Transfer?
 
 1. His beard sucks... 2. Prom'esque' much?
 
 but still jobbed
 
 mikey has today and tomorrow off
 
 haha
 
 
 
 Lmao
 
 goodness
 
 Bank not closed. Online was broked
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f440
 
 
 
 
 
 Headed
 
 Mwah
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 Our children are broken..
 
 
 
 So... Not fixed.
 
 Ouch....  I'm done for the day...
 
 Found
 
 Sugar....where
 
 love you too
 
 Turning phone off so o can hopefully call when I land. Mwah &lt;3 uou
 
 kk be safe love you
 
 Mwah love uou
 
 I depart in wish hours. Imma find a fast food place and spend our last 6$
 
 Mwah love you too.. And I can't even try and buy a charger lol
 
 mwah
 
 
 
 flight info in case phone sies
 
 Last minute. No room free check.
 
 what's your flight info
 
 butt
 
 lol dumb buy
 
 Phone almost dead. Charger is checked....
 
 Night night
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 plane...grrrr
 
 planr
 
 I love you too
 
 you can't fo to bed until on a plain
 
 Love you
 
 Lol I'm go to bed..
 
 I don't know if that's supposed to be a fat bunny or a cat. I think it's a bunny because fluff tail but it's a weird bunny
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f627
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 well it's true.
 
 
 
 marriage
 
 lol but I hatearriage
 
 I've been trying to get U to marry me for 5 years...
 
 see now you have to marry me if you get the job before you leave so if you fall for someone your still stuck with me and can't escape
 
 Haha
 
 \U0001f4a3
 
 Da
 
 Im
 
 Yeah but still \U0001f622
 
 I fly back for parties. And we needs moneys.
 
 ugh I don't like January that leaves Feb March April may alone. and you missing all the birthdays
 
 January
 
 I'll forgive them if they hire you to start in may
 
 Nope. Amazon
 
 Uh yeah you did
 
 I didn't do it
 
 I'm soooooo tired. I sleep craplier past two days
 
 lol
 
 but not expencive
 
 And I buy everythings
 
 that aren't crappy
 
 and clothes
 
 and shirts.
 
 I'll totally buy me pants though.
 
 Haha god no
 
 :p. 100$a month buying every new emoji pack
 
 lol yep on emojia
 
 Already spending my money rofl
 
 Hahaha \U0001f451\U0001f4b2\U0001f45c\U0001f4b0\U0001f4b3\U0001f45b\U0001f45d\u231a\U0001f460\U0001f462\U0001f462\U0001f3a9
 
 \U0001f4b0
 
 \U0001f440
 
 never I love to bitch duh
 
 Then stopcha bitchin woooooman :) love you
 
 lol that's not better takes longer
 
 Next time ill drive :p
 
 ugh it takes to long for you to fly here
 
 
 
 \U0001f618
 
 Boarding. Mwah love you. Airplane mode now
 
 Love you too
 
 love you
 
 Ok message you in Texas.
 
 yes me and mikey tomorrow money
 
 I will love u too. Mikey paid tomorrow?
 
 be safe
 
 love ypu
 
 I have 52 to last till tomorrow lol.
 
 Getting ready to board
 
 I think I have 50
 
 and 20 in the van yesterday
 
 and I put 20 in your car monday
 
 I have fifty bucks. give or take left until friday.
 
 Or Mikey get a paid Thursday/friday
 
 U pulled money right? So we can fill up car?
 
 not a good one but as I just did it yesterday I can't really yell at you.
 
 well it's an option
 
 Or wait till get home.
 
 return the book and you'll have enough for lunch maybe?
 
 Yay for brokenness on other side of country...
 
 yay for brokeness
 
 Geico and car loan just pulled
 
 I never pulled money out..
 
 
 
 God dammit...
 
 hahaha
 
 Like now
 
 I want
 
 Good lord az is backwards lol
 
 yes
 
 So... We're getting married again? Lol rofl
 
 \U0001f60a
 
 
 
 hard Potter face
 
 lol
 
 
 
 no clue
 
 
 
 I guess a monkey.
 
 Lets see if you can guess
 
 silly man
 
 I bought you a present
 
 nerd
 
 ;)
 
 
 
 haha
 
 In for t of my terminal lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 :D
 
 goof morning. love you
 
 Mwah mwah
 
 In front of ever entrance to the airport at Dulles lol smoker friendly :)
 
 
 
 Mwah
 
 Good morning
 
 If the flight s are full im soo giving up my seat. Lol guy from ny at the interview s did any got 500$ fly cash (amidst enough to send kids tho ks)
 
 Getting ready to head to the airport
 
 surprise storm burst wakes up both me and mikey
 
 we rush out at 230 am in the cold ass rain to fix the damn cars. climb back into warm bed
 
 rain has almost stopped. fucking weather. love you . I go back night night
 
 kk
 
 Theoretically landing at 510
 
 Lol
 
 well I was planning on making gravy pork chops so his whole job would be potatoes mash and corn can but I'm not sure that's not past his skill set
 
 Mikey is fine. Since him and dinner is funny
 
 you want me to get you and mikeys phone or you don't care and I can make mikey do it if dinner becomes too hard for him
 
 U or him is fine
 
 kk what
 
 Kk
 
 I meant me or mikey. because he need to pick up phone from mom's too.
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Not really... Depends on who is "do t care'
 
 love you too. do you care who picks you up tomorrow
 
 Mwah
 
 Lol
 
 yes I know
 
 I..want...job
 
 Grr
 
 on the carpet and himself
 
 sort of. alien dumped an entire bottle of not opened syrup down
 
 Fun
 
 I finally got assfaces down
 
 go bed
 
 1130 here
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Love you
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah mwah mwah mwah mwah
 
 Getting ready for bed
 
 
 
 Yumm
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 love you too
 
 Love you. No be mad at me :/
 
 butthead
 
 
 
 
 
 then I'll think about it lol
 
 \U0001f440
 
 I was gonna eat soup but we're outta bowls so I have to wait till the kids are done with dinner
 
 Its what 4 there?
 
 Eatttttt
 
 I told u to eat....
 
 you're a butt head. I still haven't eaten yet today.
 
 This is the hotel restaurant
 
 lol
 
 I want money.....
 
 Starting with potstickers
 
  Kc strip med-rare
 
 cesar salad
 
 and mashed potatoes and asparagus with a jack and coke.
 
 proly
 
 U gonna get mad if I tell u what I'm having? Lol
 
 lol
 
 I feel spoiled... Now I want the job..
 
 
 
 kisses
 
 Mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 kk I'm making matzo ball chicken soup
 
 Mwah think in gonna go get dinner
 
 lol
 
 I want... On our nightstands lol
 
 
 
 lol
 
 It was kids and sounded like just screwing with phone. Or butt dialing
 
 yep I checked that's her number
 
 So Rene
 
s kept calling me lol
 
 not my daughters numver
 
 Kk
 
 idk picking up big kids check when hone
 
 Is that her number or the other Rene?
 
 her phone is plugged in the living room dead
 
 Sounds like kids..
 
 
 
 Umm
 
 elfELF31f#!F
 
 so rude
 
 Prolly going back to the sports bar tonight for drinks (since technically they are free haha
 
 good boy
 
 In a nerd...playing Minecraft in the hotel.. Instead of going out and being stupid haha
 
 I'd. have to go all the way into the kitchen and make something. and stop doing dishes and laundry for 30 minute and ugh
 
 ugh too hard
 
 Love u. Eat lunch
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 shut up. dork face. seriously
 
 
 
 love you too
 
 Lol. Mwah love you
 
 but I want you home NOOOOOOOOWWWWWW
 
 \U0001f622
 
 Plane takes off at 11 (so 8am) and I tho k I get back 5ish az time
 
 when are you home tomorriw?
 
 lol
 
 
 
 fucking kids about to die
 
 Lol
 
 remember in the late 90s the bell bottoms came back
 
 then 80s dayglow
 
 now we're doing the 90s repeat
 
 lol yeah
 
 Its like the 90s all over again
 
 
 
 ha
 
 Wow..
 
 
 
 lol
 
 I think... Rick wants me to get the job.. Or he's super nice to everyone haha
 
 
 
 10x better
 
 
 
 \U0001f618
 
 The bags are real lol
 
 
 
 I may be going crazy. if thy hire you and want you to start next month there is gonna be a crazy woman here. js
 
 Lol
 
 no you look nummy
 
 I look fat :(
 
 
 
 haha
 
 Like 280$ left on credit lol
 
 Hahaha
 
 So.. When I get back... Khols for Christmas rofl
 
 
 
 coldness
 
 56degrees and only a couple clouds
 
 
 
 Decent weather today
 
 how strange
 
 Grass... Lol
 
 
 
 Hotel
 
 
 
 yep all the guys
 
 Suuuure bet you say that to all the guys :p
 
 handsome man
 
 Hair died lol
 
 
 
 and it angers me
 
 and the house is messy
 
 Eel
 
 Thick well = &lt;3
 
 I'm so tired
 
 lol okay
 
 Ok.. We need sushi if we ever go to Virginia together.. The eel was thick sliced.. And repaired like fish lol
 
 strangness
 
 
 
 how strange
 
 Trees...colours lol
 
 Real fall...
 
 
 
 Yeah for az it is
 
 Its close then lol
 
 az always goes republican
 
 Trump is estimated at 49% and Clinton 43% in Az... Shame..
 
 see you're awesome special sauce
 
 The Amazon guy that did the presentation lol
 
 The guy from u of a jyst emailed me checking in again
 
 Lol
 
 I yelled at the girls last night they were still fucking going to school. you should have seen them this morning. half fucking dead children. zombies.
 
 Lol
 
 cause they aren't us so \U0001f61d
 
 :p
 
 Ur a meany to other people
 
 2 other people?
 
 Lol meany 2 other people
 
 lol
 
 20$ not bad
 
 the other 70 are just sauce
 
 
 
 Yeah but you're awesome sauce
 
 bubbas home sick he spent all not puking. the girls stayed up getting into shit till 1130 scared the crap outta me cause I'm half asleep and hear banging and floor boards groaning. get up to look and two kids in eerie lighting standing at dresser.
 
 I'm pessimistic until hired. Lol apparently there's been over 70 interviews over the last 2 days for this position... So ya
 
 sounds like it went good to me
 
 you are business fish
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f440
 
 
 
 Lol they were impressed and curious on the specifics of the backend work with dictionaries lol (aka.. My wheelhouse)
 
 look at you being impressive
 
 They loved that thing haha
 
 One guy Skyped in from Seattle and he loved the ctrl project. Lol as did the second guy
 
 that doesn't sound bad though
 
 lol.
 
 But with 4 interviewers its hard to gage. I think that 3 were good and one was iffy (but the iffy was the big data guy who they were mice enough to sub in for the network guy that was scheduled lol
 
 I've never been interviewed more then 30 minutes
 
 3 hour interview whooo
 
 I feel ok to mildly good
 
 so I read it was it go good.
 
 815-1130ish
 
 not yet bust pestered to send to person.
 
 Interview done.
 
 Nice.  So decision yet? Lol
 
 and pestered them to send it to finish agent
 
 verified des got documents done with that now
 
 Love you
 
 love you
 
 Mwah love you too
 
 kk I love you have good sleeps babe
 
 Going to the business center
 
 atm
 
 then bed
 
 lol yeah it is. love you baby
 
 God its expensive here
 
 So.. 300$limit Kohls card getting mailed to us lol I spent like 16 on socks..
 
 35$ dinner with tip.\n. damn
 
 Mwah love you
 
 kk love you
 
 Phone at 6%\n Finishing drink going back to hotel
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 mine does
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 My eyes don't grow anymore... Boooo
 
 \U0001f440
 
 much
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Mwah
 
 I need tod evidence what I'm making. maybe burgers and eggs
 
 Mmm hmm
 
 eh
 
 Mac cheese cheaper. More filling lol
 
 duh
 
 fish chips
 
 I had thought choice.. Macncheese or drunken fish n chips
 
 ugh no
 
 Make macncheese lol
 
 but it seems effort
 
 I should make me dinner
 
 Never happened lol
 
 Yeah well without one I don't the ink the controllers would have worked well since the backs hold the batteries. lol.
 
 Jk
 
 What backs..  Backs to controllers were never invented... Haha
 
 I also need to find a back piece to the controllers.
 
 I ran outta tv to watch and I forgot to pick up batteries. I need to remember to buy batteries tomorrow
 
 seriously little butts. I wasn't going to send them to bed army until they started a war in the bathroom.\nApparently hungry
 
 Apparently I was hungry.. Was drinking my drink\n\nFood showed up.. Ignore drink lol
 
 well it's a valid point. I'm trying to get the fuckers to bed. it's so not working
 
 Lol
 
 He said if other vets kept telling me to apply then even if I thought I wasn't broken
 
 obviously they did
 
 Told me to stop feeling bad about filing disability (saw me limping) and that started that.
 
 Haha that sounds about right
 
 Second flight ended up sitting next to a retired 1st Sgt haha
 
 yes yes it is
 
 Today's weird
 
 Appplied assuming is be denied to get discount... And somehow got approved
 
 Soo.. I got a Kohls credit card lol
 
 lol
 
 Also next to hotel lol
 
 
 
 Landed. Call when at hoyel
 
 Will try
 
 love you too sleep good
 
 Love u
 
 Mwah.  Hour left.. Taking nap. No head ache yet... So here's hoping piercing fixed that. Rofl
 
 \u2764
 
 yep.
 
 U toooo
 
 
 
 paranoid
 
 lol
 
 Travelling across the country. Call me paranoid :p
 
 hahaha
 
 They really need to work on labels
 
 Oh.. Haha.. Got it... Its the coffee bar at the airport in Tucson.. My bad..
 
 no clue
 
 And what is otgmanagement?
 
 yes
 
 And u pulled 250 out?
 
 having knowledge of where go
 
 
 
 ? Lol
 
 that'd be useful
 
 Haha I'm trying to find email stating where interview is lol
 
 they don't have chair emoJis I'm dissapointed
 
 \U0001f618
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Lol weirdo still
 
 and chairs can't leave houses
 
 and we shall get married and then you will never leave again because I will be Mrs chair
 
 Haha. Weirdo
 
 with hugging arm rests
 
 I shall make you my chair and you shall be comfy
 
 Lol
 
 I want you back to sit on
 
 And is involves getting kids.  No kids to get this tine
 
 maybe
 
 Difference
 
 I'm O n a plane
 
 you go to KS all the time and I'm just irritated
 
 Haha :p
 
 I didn't think I'd miss you that much
 
 Yeah that's some mullah
 
 Lol
 
 2.5 days till you come back for snuggling
 
 
 
 1 Hour 40min till dc
 
 lol yeah.
 
 Otherwise I wasn't doing shit o line lol
 
 plane
 
 I get to talk to you and bug you on a plan
 
 yayay
 
 Tmobile. Just gave me a free hour of texting and Wi-Fi on the plane lol
 
 \U0001f622
 
 \U0001f494\U0001f495\u2764\ufe0f\U0001f497\U0001f496\U0001f49d\U0001f49e\U0001f493\U0001f49b\U0001f49a\U0001f499\U0001f49c\U0001f49f
 
 lol
 
 can you come home now? I don't like it.
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol mwah have fun
 
 lol \u2764\ufe0f I'm at the award ceremony for the kids waiting for it to start. my head already hurts. I hate multipurpose room echo
 
 He was jyst following up and was surprised I was heading already rofl
 
 Travis. (Guy that did the Amazon interview at school) jyst called me lol yup verify whichlocation I would want. And found out I'm Dallas heading to an onsite lol
 
 Lol
 
 is gonna take you down to the court house and spend fiddy bucks
 
 :)
 
 \u2764\ufe0f
 
 Love you too. And duh
 
 I miss you be good and stay safe
 
 he's a dork
 
 U see dads comment lol
 
 Lol
 
 and don't listen to tiff. the beard is sessy
 
 mwah.
 
 Muah
 
 
 
 I got dinner for the week for 124 dollars. yes. go me. I'm fabulous. I miss you.
 
 fs yeah
 
 lol flames. I almost got damn des done I'm gonna borrow mikeys computer and upload shit and try to call them back and get them to look at it then done.
 
 Feeling sooo loved..  Lunch... 4.27$  (in an airport) I'm on \U0001f525 lol
 
 \U0001f48f
 
 \U0001f617
 
 Uh huh
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Wow..
 
 Lol that's the reasoning
 
 also decided we should get married tired of hearing boyfriend. stupid word
 
 \U0001f440
 
 almost done with des
 
 Lunch at Wendy's...  Plane boarding in like we minutes...
 
 Just landed in Dallas
 
 Stole dinner plate lol
 
 Go look I hallway at Aiden...
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/10025-Patterson-St-S-Tacoma-WA-98444/49231370_zpid/
 
 Bug kitchen and a bar... http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/4212-NW-Lavina-St-Vancouver-WA-98660/23231751_zpid/
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/802-SE-123rd-Ave-Vancouver-WA-98683/2098265416_zpid/
 
 Pretty http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/12757-Chilberg-Rd-Mount-Vernon-WA-98273/2096980244_zpid/
 
 Looks like an old assisted living house http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/2013-SE-146th-Ave-Vancouver-WA-98683/23251437_zpid/
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/802-W-Broadway-Ave-Moses-Lake-WA-98837/2103673969_zpid/ haha buy a motel
 
 http://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-detail/13348-Ridgelane-Dr-NW_Silverdale_WA_98383_M17569-24827#photo0
 
 http://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-detail/3970-Harris-Rd-SE_Port-Orchard_WA_98366_M25218-46082
 
 http://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-detail/1230-West-Ave_Port-Orchard_WA_98366_M12785-31590
 
 http://www.realtor.com/realestateandhomes-search/Seattle_WA/beds-5-5/baths-2/radius-20/sby-1/pg-1#2290722369 haha 5 bedrooms super cheap..\n\nIts a trailer...
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3010-NE-117th-St-Seattle-WA-98125/48875681_zpid/
 
 http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/2332-S-Juneau-St-Seattle-WA-98108/48779363_zpid/
 
 
 
 don't show Adam fuck
 
 
 
 Hahaha curls...
 
 
 
 If she's feeling buy'y after costumes.\n Beard wax lol jk
 
 
 
 we don't have money for van yet
 
 And car today once get clamp
 
 And I probably should do van with Mikey $$
 
 He might beat me there
 
 thought I'd warn you I would have earlierbut I was cleaning
 
 he'll be here 1130
 
 kk see you when you get home
 
 I just got out...
 
 he randomly invites himself over or decides were meeting up on his own
 
 Y Kelly... Confused
 
 \U0001f355\U0001f355\U0001f355\U0001f355
 
 \U0001f62c
 
 he was like just make sure there's a path so I can get in lol
 
 I scrubbed like a crazy person on meth
 
 \U0001f440
 
 Kellys bringing over lunch
 
 Alllllll)
 
 all the vodka
 
 more vodka
 
 so much vidka
 
 Bring vodka
 
 I got your card clamp soonish
 
 I asked booze..
 
 Bring vodka
 
 and vodka
 
 and tanya
 
 What?
 
 cause vidka
 
 and vidka
 
 yes
 
 Still need booze?
 
 
 
 Bad...
 
 haha
 
 No elementary school kid should be wearing an Apple watch....
 
 I show when home
 
 ah
 
 Step 1-10 cool... Now do 1-5 of this other thing. Because users will want it
 
 ah step one through 10 completed but you forgot 5
 
 Works great... He thinks missing big thing
 
 or worked but weirdlike
 
 it worked but then you forgot things it should have do e
 
 words no sense
 
 Professor. Went.. Oh.. You're program is working.. Nice... Its jacked.. Should do this and this..m fml
 
 drinks
 
 I am about to\U0001f378haha just tell me when I'll mix it up but with cream soda
 
 Jk
 
 Make my drink in like 20 minutes lol
 
 Required....
 
 \U0001f378
 
 Kk
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 kk chili for dinner made from brisket
 
 Heading towards car
 
 I know.... I fly across the country in 5 days....I hate planes....
 
 ugh I'm in like permanent half a panic attack mode. stupid life being hard
 
 Me either..
 
 I don't want to people today.
 
 Uh huh.. Lol totally\n\nMwah love you
 
 have fun
 
 lol
 
 This week is ridiculous
 
 Lol I'm gonna head to class.. Then call and verify my ticket (mwah) then do my 416 presentation ..hopefully work on my program that's also due...for 416... I need speed...and like 12 more hours....
 
 he made me mad
 
 he was the person ahead of me so he'd already gone. it's like dude no social convention states it the person behind who gets to comment not the guy who should leave already
 
 and then they merge to one line. me and the chick next to me had already negotiated who was gonna go first. I pop up he pops in and mam the line starts over there
 
 \nyes and over there where I was waiting he kept talking. I ordered my smokes and left
 
 Ah... Kk
 
 at the gas station the pump blocks so if there's many people it kinda Ys the line.
 
 ?
 
 \U0001f440
 
 I got an idiot telling me how a line works when he didn't realize there were two lines. I swear to God I wanted to snap.
 
 you might need keys if your later then soon kids won't sleep. they're in van
 
 Phone dead. At bustop mwah
 
 Heading to busstop
 
 I'll call the cops in the morning and make sure to alarm the door before bed.
 
 .............. okay dead then
 
 r u dead
 
 where r u
 
 yeah
 
 Oh.. Poor john...
 
 that's what he's upset about because it means they'll probably kick john out
 
 At least it was witnessed\n..
 
 he had bad day
 
 John attacked him in front of bosses boss
 
 \U0001f440
 
 He said he can't rake them but said he'd tell me why later.....
 
 Fun times...
 
 
 
 I know I was busy doing this
 
 He wanted an ok for the mountain guy to pick up boys for boy scouts
 
 U on? Mikey trying to get ahold of you
 
 Speeding has been a bitch there
 
 Ouch..
 
 ugh fucking cop at the bloom today for the people speeders mad me so fucking paranoid
 
 All the info is sent.
 
 kk
 
 And ill email her
 
 I have her info
 
 Leah instead of tanya
 
 no the sentence not sentence what does it mean
 
 Tattoo chick
 
 ?
 
 Haha.. Leah.. No tanya
 
 He's going on there too
 
 fuck Brockton would be better
 
 Do t have Reyes contact info lol
 
 that is a dumb ass plan
 
 seriously.....
 
 270 1422
 
 how is my mother a professional reference got yoh?
 
 3 professional references...
 
 ugh fuck
 
 Your mother is going down as a reference.. Warn her
 
 yeah
 
 Tara wants to k ow if we have his 50 this week
 
 haha
 
 She said after the back and forth and the interview issues the engineer was still impressed with my other knowledge so they decided to progress my status lol
 
 obi kaybi
 
 Got a call. Next week is for the Seattle position. They are just already going to have most of the people needed in Virginia . so.. Guess I'm going to Virginia next week.
 
 
 
 too
 
 I was about to respond to aus tins complain post but realized my response is the first doctor of the reboot
 
 the jack off one. and while I love that doctor I based it on other people's perception of him
 
 it was thay or jayne but I like jaybe
 
 Umm\n\n Email.. Bad interview..immediate progression to site visit...next week...confusion\n....wth
 
 Uh k
 
 Oh.. Btw.. My flipping out scale is at a 22.5 out of 10
 
 Tell Mikey he's dropping me of tomorrow
 
 Read you r mind
 
 I said it puhzaaaa just soo you know
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 bringing pizza?
 
 Heading towards car
 
 Polite. Yet shows in confused as fuuuuuck
 
 yes
 
 My email to them..
 
 
 
 fuck you and fuck them. also you might want to call and talk to them first because you shouldn't be getting flown out before you even talk to the right interviewer
 
 how the fuck. what are your days of availability from these 3 days.. . . . .seriously.
 
 and it still does not say crap about the date where the fuck are you getting that from
 
 that's Wednesday through friday
 
 Isn't that next week? Halloween on Monday\n.
 
 Nov 2nd -4th
 
 Haha reimbursement program. once again it says nothing about next week. and quite frankly we can't afford for you to go next week because you wouldn't have the money to pay for taxis
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 it doesn't say anything about next week
 
 The hate would be its like next fucking week. And in VA
 
 people
 
 I don't fucking know especially since you didn't have an effective interviewwiththey right prolle
 
 I'm so fucking confused...
 
 
 
 your eating and smoking and fighting
 
 wjy
 
 You're going to hate me....
 
 also I have no good or smokers and I have brain gonr
 
 I don't expect them to have brains they are holy rollers.
 
 I was aiming at your aunt
 
 don't even know who that person is
 
 just a bit
 
 Too much?
 
 lol
 
 K ill try to remember. Set an alarm and send me a reminder at 630
 
 yes
 
 Works. And pep/olive?
 
 love you too
 
 Mwah class in ten. Love you
 
 yello
 
 Lol so.. 3 pizzas? Rofl
 
 ah yes late night snack age what
 
 My last class gets out at like 645 I think... Ill bring home parental papajohns
 
 running out
 
 I made myself sandwhich
 
 kids ate it
 
 Lol mwah love you make more eggs
 
 Yeah I made myself eggs. the kids ate them
 
 anda chocolate cheese cake
 
 and a gyro
 
 I'm so hungry. ooh and ranch fries from eeggees
 
 I still haven't eaten. Trying to get everything situated..
 
 Lol
 
 I want another bacon jalape\xf1o whopper thingy
 
 \U0001f440
 
 interview is over.. lol
 
 \u2764\U0001f48b\U0001f444
 
 this interview is tanking... they set me up with anetwork specific interviewer
 
 Mwah. Ttyl
 
 
 
 Mwah thank you..  Weird licky face at the end lol. Love you too
 
 good luck yup yup yup love tou
 
 \U0001f60a\u263a\U0001f60d\U0001f61c\U0001f61a\U0001f618\U0001f619\U0001f617\U0001f60b
 
 14 minutes.. Wish me luck
 
 mistake been Adam
 
 No
 
 did you take my batteries too?
 
 yeah......
 
 Mikey did my tank guess we forgot the van :(
 
 and I'm OUTTA gas. hopefully cheri can get email all
 
 kk
 
 yep yep yep sure that's why I'm here running low on smokes abd outta sugar
 
 I have to stay late tomorrow. So ill prob have Mikey drop me off since bs
 
 Love u
 
 butt head
 
 Dam..
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 you have my $$$$
 
 
 
 only 6 kids may be here for feeding
 
 
 
 Mwah
 
 asshole childrwn
 
 I'm gonna pin them down and take a nap. fuckit. I don't care anymore.
 
 I'm tired out of smokes and my kids won't fucking listen to me. today is crap.
 
 Byebye
 
 or you can use uers. turning it off now. books done. I'll ttyl.
 
 Gr8... Imma have to use money's tonight to do fucking homework
 
 renes phone mobile hotspot. need to download books
 
 Internet back?
 
 Si se buele
 
 testing
 
 I'm allergic to that damn fabric softener too . it washed onto my dress pants
 
 ?
 
 pizza French toast shit the fuck
 
 K
 
 kk in microwave
 
 Maybe 1 if there's any left
 
 do you want burger patties
 
 To which......
 
 I'm rolling my eyes but you can't see it
 
 Bernie is speaking on campus at 7 tonight lol
 
 Feels good. Due to the quickness lol
 
 Today lol
 
 
 
 Yesterday\n...
 
 
 
 
 
 1 day... Lol just 1 day until I got notification of wanting my next phone interview lmao
 
 guess you can use renes phone if before Saturday lol
 
 kk phone interview
 
 I'm just looking now
 
 no
 
 Did u get the text about the email?
 
 dirj
 
 Lots of damn food...
 
 
 
 good now you can eat food
 
 making hamburgers for adults tonight and Mac and cheese for kids. Kids could have hamburgers with bread but voted Mac and cheese instead. for whatever fucking reason. I felt like and ass but they were like fuck hamburgers. to be fair we are out of mustard low on ketchup and out of mayour so it's for the best I guess
 
 They still let me bursary it
 
 I was shaking so hard I had to go ask.
 
 that's good
 
 Fixed mealplan
 
 Same pin
 
 1841.  Phone died and inclass
 
 God this is a pain I kinda need the pin##
 
 that should be enough for me to get gas and a pack of smokes
 
 17$$
 
 pin?
 
 510021349
 
 nevermind that won't work anyway I'll just have to bopefully go to the store on the way to the second group of kids.
 
 if you get this text info to renes phone number
 
 \U0001f440
 
 huh huh huh huh
 
 child support not csection
 
 what's your social on your csection card.
 
 :p. Tx father away lol
 
 see ca bad
 
 
 
 If u need booze u have to send Mikey cuz I gots no $
 
 I have enough issues singing hail... At a high G in a praise song
 
 I don't fb him
 
 no
 
 And :p
 
 Can u send that to Kelly? He seems like the kind that would enjoy that concert
 
 gay
 
 
 
 kk
 
 I have like 7 dollars
 
 No money
 
 booze is running out
 
 duh
 
 Grr...
 
 coffee
 
 sugar
 
 donuts
 
 candy
 
 cereal
 
 toilet paper
 
 clithes
 
 office. . . . . .
 
 Ya... Pain in das asses
 
 I'm just trying to keep the babies from getting into EVERYTHINF
 
 Filling their forms and stuff after choir.   My meeting with Sydney (fine arts funding stuff) is Wed between two of my classes. So that's starting. Busy week.
 
 yay
 
 Finally got through to hr for Amazon. So far... Decent day... Fingers crossed
 
 I figured out where the WiFi call button is on my phpne. haven't tested it yet but theoretically lol
 
 Up to gathering evidence now. Woohoo first movement.. 3 weeks
 
 
 
 how I imagine all water
 
 
 
 sounds good
 
 Headed towards garage then hone for food and homework
 
 kk
 
 Just finished up
 
 @ craycrofy
 
 Had to send adv email and now in Traffic
 
 \U0001f440
 
 the fuck you at
 
 fucking hormone cycles suck. my tit's hurt like they've been beaten by a pissed of gorilla
 
 maybe gonna make a cakey thing......
 
 Ok yumm
 
 kk. meatloaf potatoes
 
 carrots
 
 brocoli
 
 corn and canned some fruit shit
 
 Don't have the = do this be. Apparently
 
 do this be the afternoon class?
 
 Just got to the car. Its thurs so I do this be the afternoon class. Need to do homework tonight though
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 \U0001f440
 
 I'd walk the kids to the damn store but I might push em into traffic if I do that.\U0001f6ac\U0001f6ac\U0001f6ac\U0001f378\U0001f378\U0001f378\U0001f6ac\U0001f6ac\U0001f6ac
 
 \U000fe190
 
 \U000fe190
 
 \U000fe190
 
 \U0001f440
 
 
 
 \u270c
 
 
 
 might as well grab me an extra 2 liter
 
 sure.
 
 I'm already here. So smokes trash bags bread and macncheese?
 
 we're out of smokes
 
 trash bags and bread but I figured you didn't want to do the rest of the shoppong
 
 Just smokes?
 
 that's what I thought
 
 U have ur card
 
 And imma just fill the fuck out of it when I get home
 
 kk I'd say buy me smokes but I think I have my card
 
 Ill get home eventually
 
 Left school. Had to stop at speedway Tucson to cool down...
 
 \U0001f62c
 
 Kk
 
 and Frisbys doesn't put in stitches
 
 Frisby says if it's still open back to the er because needs restitching or something to close it
 
 Grargh
 
 maybe they can just glue the bitch this time
 
 welp
 
 I guess when you get home it's your turn to do an error run?
 
 Yup
 
 \U0001f4a9
 
 Kk
 
 Yeah and I can't get her in today anyway
 
 it's after 10 so no same day appt will be left.
 
 Bit that's leaving at 1ish
 
 Um.... I can leave after choir
 
 that means I can't just frisby
 
 not till five ish fuck.
 
 No clue. I can't think.
 
 what time home today
 
 I know.
 
 ughness.
 
 Ya..
 
 fucking disolvable stitchez
 
 I know...
 
 it's not like I can take her in right now
 
 Um...  Ointment the hell.out a it and wrap the bitch. And I guess call the er see what they say
 
 not pouring but it's like obviously a gaping fucking wound
 
 a smidgen
 
 Is she bleeding gain?
 
 fuck if I know what the he'll we should do
 
 \U000fe341
 
 
 
 welp Sony lost2 stitches.......
 
 \U000fe333
 
 \U000fe333
 
 \U000fe333
 
 \U000fe333
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 no
 
 Any luck on fs?
 
 Just applied to google and microsoft in and around Seattle
 
 Just got done
 
 Ya.. I know..
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Yeah they couldn't find the payment for 15 minutes
 
 Wth.. We paid them
 
 they shut off the power then turned it back on.
 
 that's what's left
 
 So ya.
 
 
 
 
 
 Booze yes no?
 
 Baking soda wipes? Lol
 
 \U0001f378
 
 smokes soda wipes
 
 What am I getting
 
 Out of wipes
 
 Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda called Allen Phillip Johnson.
 
 Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda called Allen Phillip Johnson.
 
 bad tongs
 
 "put my toe in tongs and then they bled me ouchies"
 
 Slid her toe down the I side of the handle
 
 Figure put how she did it.
 
 Ouchies...
 
 
 
 at least 2 stitchez. it's right alo
 
 How r those stiches gonna be? :/
 
 Ouchie baby... Poor bby
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 yep. it's in a weird place so they have me sticking more lidocaine in every couple minutes and since it's time consuming mommy is nurses aid
 
 Fun..
 
 Um... Fin? Lol
 
 lidocaine painting every couple minutes
 
 How's it going now
 
 Just got this.
 
 gonna need stitches. waiting on them to get the numbing gel then go from there. probably a couple hours. if not more. please get the damn house done. and that does not mean just yell at them
 
 
 
 Head hurts....
 
 and the cap blew.
 
 so you over heated.
 
 Which is why I think radiator.
 
 And it was pretty much just steam
 
 My head hurts
 
 antifreeze smokes on ebgine.
 
 breathe
 
 Right in front of driver seat
 
 5 bucks. because you overheated and busted a seal
 
 caps are easily replaceable.
 
 and I can't even tell where that pic was taken from in reference to engine
 
 Smoke came from the cap. At a minimum the caps fucked
 
 don't freak until someone looks at it
 
 you could have just blown a hose
 
 And whallah
 
 Smoke from here
 
 Think i cracked the radiator
 
 Don't k ow if I'm making it hone.
 
 Fuck fuck fuck fuck
 
 She sent me a message at like 1am
 
 
 
 
 
 there's no reason to talk about it later. my answer is no. we do not have the room
 
 the money
 
 and you would leave me to deal with all of it. so not even no but FUCK NO. but since your going to ignore me and do what the fuk you want to do anyway. still no reason to discuss it.
 
 Imma come home after theory and skip my 2nd 2 classes. Ones a workshop today for the ctrl-f project and the other I can make up
 
 He doesn't do that. Especially 2000 miles
 
 She only works fast food and line cook positions dishwasher etc...(and Eli gets jobs left and right. He just quits them) We'll talk when I come home and see if its feasible
 
 even with a set time frame out date \n\nI told her I had to talk to you\n\nThe part that gets me is dad offered to bring them down here
 
 fuck. shit. ass. this means me busting ass trying to clean everything. and mentally reorganizing the house. and fuck. God damnit. mother fucking. fuck. and "she'll get a job easy" where this is tucson we have the worst employment rate in az. fucking a. they'll never leave. fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.
 
 I can't even deal with the kids we have and you and michael.
 
 I'm the one who has to deal with the people in the fucking house
 
 clean up after them
 
 cook for them
 
 deal with the fallout from our fucking kids. adam
 
 and rene will go psychotic on me.  fuck no babe fuck no
 
 I meant for sleeping arrangements
 
 bullshit kids are not easy
 
 Its her and his dad that would be pushing capacity
 
 Ya I know that. The kids are easy. 1 girl 3 boys
 
 the most we've ever had in this house is 12 and that was fucking pushing it
 
 that's ridiculous phillip.
 
 Fine we still don't have room for fucking 7 more damn people in this house
 
 I'm guessing jons ssi
 
 She has money lol
 
 
 
 She's not with jons dad. Think Chris. But babysits while she's at work . he's actually a good guy
 
 we have no fucking money to support them right now
 
 no room for them
 
 so yeah that's fucking crap shit. not to mention your sister is fucking nuts so I'm sure whoever she is with is nuts. yeah that's fucking horrible news. fuck babe we barely have money to feed ourselves right now. let alone keep the lights on
 
 Maybe.\nMy sister. Her kids. And her (add) kids dad. Want to come down here. And use us as a stepping stone. Tiff got a call put on here. And Dad is even offering to bring them down. Its that bad. I Todd her id have to talk to you
 
 do I need booze for this news
 
 soo what
 
 Soo...
 
 dad rant page is for youness
 
 Grr
 
 five minute break apparently
 
 didn't even make it an hour
 
 
 
 also I like the poppy noise. and yep that's what they are gonna do because they stated eating at 320 because "starving" and just finished
 
 Nope
 
 \U0001f378
 
 Yeah hilarious.....they kept eating I'm sure in about an hour it's gonna be "I'm still hungry"
 
 Lol kk
 
 Kids ate all the food. I made left over ham
 
 foir boxes mac and cheese and carrots and peas. they also went through two cans of spinach and half a thing of applesauce.
 
 Better
 
 \U0001f378
 
 \U0001f354\U0001f35f\U0001f355\U0001f35d\U0001f35c\U0001f372\U0001f363\U0001f371\U0001f35b\U0001f359\U0001f35a\U0001f358\U0001f354
 
 Just a lil one? :p
 
 \U0001f378
 
 \U000fe982
 
 
 
 kk
 
 Heading too car
 
 U should check :) mwah love you.  And checking out
 
 maybe
 
 Um... Black car trunk?
 
 Had it over 10 fucking years and it went poof
 
 Mine went poof
 
 that's a chick jacket and I'm cold
 
 fucker
 
 yes same as every year
 
 Oh.. And I'm stealing your jacket lol
 
 Mikey*
 
 Super broke and have to do costume shopping on money's check...
 
 yes we need milk
 
 And no fs card in wallet so I'm getting cereal. (Do we need milk?) oatmeal and one energy drink each
 
 yay
 
 6 $ in main account.  Had to use cs card. (Had 80) 25 into tank.  Were broke
 
 Heading home
 
 Kk
 
 I'll see if cheri or tanya can pick up the big kids. need to get gas
 
 cereal
 
 milk
 
 bread
 
 lunch meat
 
 cheese
 
 more meat
 
 veggies and fruit.
 
 now I've got her picked up 30 minutes early and now I'm almost out of gas with no money card. fuck if this did not just fuck me over completely
 
 Kk
 
 I'm going to get her because cheri isn't on emergency release list kind of busy ttyl
 
 U there?
 
 New guess is whatever laundry detergent the new clothes were washed in
 
 Left message at 1254
 
 Need to call nurse
 
 And wed get some extra money
 
 I could try tho make the schedule so I'd be hone when the kids are
 
 if that's what you want to do I think you need to spend time at home as much as possible
 
 And one of the classes they need a tutor for is the one I was going to ta
 
 Thoughts? For spring?  I will only be at like 14-16 units as I'm dropping my linguistics minor and 8.40$ isn't much but hey.. Its money
 
 
 
 K.. So 2 weeks starts over lol
 
 
 
 And they said she was covered. So who knows.
 
 Told them bandaids normally take a day or two to go away
 
 her rash was 90% gone this morning how the fuck did they see it today and not yesterday when her whole neck was solid
 
 Solved. They are keeping her at school
 
 Shirt*
 
 But the whole short material from yeatetday
 
 so problem solved or do I need to get her first dermatitis
 
 So I had to explain the latex allergy etc... Then tell him its not the design on the front of her short
 
 Saundra rash started shit. They didn't have a diagnosis etc... And their rn was on campus
 
 what's up
 
 I was on phone with nurse. She called twice.
 
 I've called three times the nurse isn't picking up
 
 
 
 Can you call bloom? Saundra us in the nurses office
 
 
 
 Gold legs
 
 Probably the latex
 
 saundra shirt the fake leather one gave her a rash up to her neck. I'd say it was the fabric detergent but the pants didn't upset her. maybe it has latex in it
 
 Today had a 50000 satoshi reward for getting to level 100 on a picture word game lol easy
 
 While its not a lot if I can get like $1 a week its 52$ a year not counting increases lol
 
 Just got another 40cents worth of bitcoin today lol
 
 Idk its not for a couple months figured if ask now. :p
 
 Hahaha how the fuck am I supposed to do that
 
 Can we plan to bring all the kids to my next usingers concert? Since its my last one or at least the older 5?
 
 
 
 
 
 Weird
 
 
 
 1.039 $ p/gallon
 
 1039?
 
 
 
 Yup
 
 you at 80
 
 
 
 si
 
 Need milk?
 
 Apparently out of toilet paper?
 
 K good enough for tonight maybe....
 
 4
 
 Fireplace
 
 I don't know
 
 Do I still have booze?
 
 plus smokems
 
 So meat tortillas sour cream
 
 sourcream
 
 Source am?
 
 Head In. Towards car now
 
 Kk
 
 ee need dinner. either meat tortillas and source am for tacos. or something else we can cook. also cereal and milk
 
 Just got out of class
 
 we don't have 399.00
 
 
 
 Fine
 
 no I survive without your assistance like I always have
 
 Do u need anything grin the store
 
 
 
 Checking formatting and working on this as well as the physical story boarding to made sure its viewable. Sorry if my phone says on if its not in sleep mode
 
 seriously you have popped up as "online" since 730. now is that homework?
 
 Fine
 
 \U0001f446 move the finger over one
 
 Store things?
 
 Jyst got done
 
 whatever. I have no patience for you right now. I'm currently giving twins dinner so I can send them to bed at 5. kris dropped off Adam because tanya was busy. I've cleaned my living room 4 times and my kitchen 3 and there are still spaghetti pieces everywhere. quite frankly you and every other useless person on this planet can go jump in a fucking pit. the only people I like right now are the ones who fixed my van for me. everyone else can go doe
 
 The other 2 members get out at 630 and were meeting at 7 at the library. In assuming its only gonna be an hour which has me home between 830-9ish
 
 no fuck. staying 5 hours after your class gets out shows you are mentally vhallenged. ttyl demons need parenting
 
 I'm so out of it...
 
 you pick him up on fr8days
 
 and when you decide to skip class.
 
 So I picked him up before the van broke? I'm co  fused
 
 a week and 2 days. cheri picked him up all last week. and tanya this week. you only picked him up friday.
 
 The vans been Down. For over a week
 
 no.. cheri did last week. you just came home for no fucking reason. no wait you were "not feeling well" or some such crap.
 
 I picked him up on a wed because the class I'm in now is the one I skipped
 
 no you don't have class when Adam gets out on fridays.
 
 whatever\nI have everything covered
 
 just like always. have fun I'll see you tomorrow
 
 Yes I did.  Any ways.. Ill figure out my damn schedule
 
 you didn't pick up adam. you picked him up once. the rest of the time cheri and tanya have been doing it. since Tuesday of last week. Friday was the only day and you don't fucking have class then
 
 Lates to those class count towards grades. And I ended up skipping late classes to pick up Adam.
 
 I mean really the fucking terror.
 
 Yeah you were late to class 2x a week. horrible
 
 I'll feed the kids early when mikey gets home I'll go for a test dr8ve
 
 I'll come back and clean up the mess he's missed and send him on his way.
 
 I'm fucking trying ok. Thai balancing act because of the van was hell
 
 I'm just fucking pissed.
 
 whyself I've already figured it out.
 
 No I didn't. Today was the day the other two had open and its due tomorrow. Ill email and see what I can do
 
 seriously yesterday
 
 tomorrow
 
 friday
 
 all fucking iptions. but no you picked today. and you unlike me hadn't forgotten about bs.
 
 so you pick the only fucking day that you HAVE TO BE FUCKING HOME.
 
 I've been missing courses for over a week now because of the van. I haven't had a chance to work on everything
 
 now I've gotta try to squeeze in a test drive jn between. mikey getting home and dinner so the boys don't miss 2 weeks in a row because you decided to stay fucking late. on one of the few days a week you are supposed to be home for a fucking reason . fucking a.
 
 Long day :p. Not as long as yours but still
 
 fuck.
 
 you are an idiot
 
 yes we should
 
 But we should really drive it firat
 
 Idk van?
 
 how did you expect mikey to go to bs if you aren't home till 9
 
 so I get back up for exactly 1.5 hours
 
 Oh.. I thought that was a directed sentence . as in fuck boyscouts
 
 Well duh lol
 
 fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
 
 fuck today's boyscouts.......
 
 Lol
 
 Super gluebthen to a couch
 
 that's your problem mine is being alone with kids for 3 more hours
 
 Damn programming project
 
 Me too and I won't be home till like 9ish grr
 
 God I need a drink
 
 Twice the joy joy
 
 twice
 
 Oh joy...
 
 we no longer have ANY SPAGHETTI OR VERMICELLI
 
 ? Por que
 
 Kids are home pot roast is cooking. Kids are in troible
 
 That was Nordstrom for cyber analyst
 
 :(
 
 Got a reply on one of the jobs in Seattle. No joy.. :/
 
 Kk
 
 vans fixed. still having mom pick up kids today because I want to test drive her before I pack her full of kids
 
 k
 
 I have a group meeting for my programming project at 7 tonight
 
 kk fine
 
 
 
 Or he can have some of your 20 tacos lol
 
 U gtn tacos and poppers
 
 Mikey food arbys ?
 
 Kk meza buy beer
 
 yes banging things to remove them
 
 Boys still there?
 
 I'm going... I'm goin
 
 \U0001f615
 
 Grr... That's extra shops...
 
 food. Hot food food
 
 Whatcha want
 
 Poppers? Pizza rolls?
 
 140$
 
 Kk checking now
 
 4412
 
 Ssn lol
 
 it's the one that has my name on it
 
 idk
 
 What's the last 4?
 
 you have my card.
 
 I have 5$on my card loo
 
 Just made it to garage
 
 Kk
 
 wipes
 
 soda
 
 food
 

 
 kk boys here
 
 Heading towards car
 
 Never....... Ok
 
 and food for me please
 
 wipes too
 
 Kk. Mwah
 
 and you might want to grab you self dinner. we hat hot dogs and Mac just cold dogs left
 
 Never..... Kk
 
 Bring soda.
 
 Hopefully its done tonight
 
 fucking hell
 
 ugh. k I'll start cleaning again
 
 The boys are coming to fix the car tonight
 
 Kk
 
 no idea where those are but the car part is in. at least that's what I assume is in the noc
 
 Grr keep an eye out for my mouse and charger
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I can't even.....
 
 
 
 Choir director and all the old people in the choir asking why I'm limping.  Ohhhh the looks when they found out... First question.. Are they paying you for fucking you up?
 
 Knees still fucked up from yesterdau
 
 Jyst got out o choir
 
 Its bitchy so far 2 of mine keep getting removed for not ranking high enough on their grading lol
 
 Hyyyystwrical
 
 Debates on haha
 
 in general yes at moment no watching last episode airbender
 
 Lol ok....  Haha my tag is (just a blogger) you want the login? Haha
 
 dude if you're gonna have a pare ting blog I should get to do articles tok
 
 :p
 
 out of milk
 
 cereal
 
 smokes and coffee
 
 We have milk?
 
 kk
 
 Bringing u curly fries.
 
 Mwah leaving now
 
 kk
 
 And theory homework. (Theory due at 9am ) research paper due midnight
 
 kk
 
 Gotta try and pump the research paper \u0175hen I get home
 
 kk
 
 Just got done
 
 Mwah
 
 \u2764
 
 Turning off phone for concert. Mwah love you
 
 
 
 
 
 Seattle......Seattle......fucking Seattle......
 
 love you
 
 I tried to find another way
 
 Tuesday the kids want to alternate with cheri like me and mom talked about bringing I haven't decided yet. \nI know I know but it is fucking impossible to have anyone else pick them up and her picking them up equals crap dealing with kids.
 
 And I can't get bitchy yet. If I get grumpy ill sing like shit
 
 that was the plan but then kids and death and crap. so tomorrow she is allowed to keep them till five because
 
 I was trying to figure out going to the park with her or something before the van broke.
 
 Grr. She is bringing straight home? (Assuming... Since its not just the fav)
 
 tanya is picking up the kids tomorrow
 
 and tuesday. get your anger out now. cheri canthe keep driving. she's losing it from the stress of last week
 
 kris is not even a possible option
 
 renee is working.\nso tanya it is. we do not have to be happy about it
 
 but we don't really have another optuon. you cannot miss more class or your GPA is gonna flatline.
 
 :D
 
 
 
 
 
 Haha mwah
 
 Kk buy me beard oil and beard styling wax :p
 
 totally
 
 Yup.. Nope... You want me to have perfect beard lol
 
 yep totally not random thing to send to beard people
 
 Mmmm hmm.. I see... Hate my beard do you. Lol :p
 
 
 
 Haha
 
 no sky net fucking skyney
 
 Lol
 
 we're all gonna die
 
 Oh.. Forgot. Lol Aaron lives in Portland haha
 
 Huh
 
 are you sleeping
 
 In trunk.
 
 kk log in then you have laptop
 
 Justin messaged me. This is what we need to order since you have prime
 
 
 
 Its the tired. Sacrifice things to me dragon picture
 
 what is this I just woke up photo shoot
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I don't know
 
 I know we need diapers......I know I'm out of something else but fuck only knows what
 
 Anything else?
 
 
 
 
 
 you picked up our son right
 
 kk
 
 Just made it to car.  Short story... Spring graduation is possible
 
 smokes and soda please
 
 you headed?
 
 
 
 2/4 asleep
 
 pork in oven.
 
 \U000fe050
 
 monkeys
 
 Kk\nKk
 
 kk
 
 I submitted as a fully developed claim. With all the stuff.. Its faster. If its denied ill go to an advisor in town and do it again
 
 kk
 
 submitted the va thing... now just cross your fingers. lol
 
 Lol
 
 blues clues asked where do you go if you want to save your money. sophia yelled out "The bookshelf!!"
 
 kk
 
 Need to start planning to ensure graduation in spring. Have to see if I have to do winter
 
 kk so you won't be home till like 5. why you going to advisor
 
 Appt with advisor at 330
 
 ugh what time you home
 
 Mwah
 
 I want a nap but they won't fall asleep
 
 Yep
 
 ugh tired
 
 1 coffee
 
 I've had half of a Starbucks bottle thing..
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 yuck ness
 
 I grabbed one of each . who k ow what's left
 
 eh you pick weird ass flavors
 
 Somewhere
 
 ewhere....
 
 And I should have caffeinated squeeze things so ewhere
 
 :p
 
 We has filter...
 
 Hahaha amoebas
 
 Lol
 
 Water good.... Forgoes the natural disaster of Tucson...
 
 I don't like water
 
 I'm out of soda and it makes me sad
 
 I was talking typing not writing typing
 
 I agree
 
 jesus.\ncasey feels as though even acknowledging the stress of possible court
 
 the move would be good for our family and mental health.
 
 Oh...  Now that makes sense... I was reading it as a response to my update..
 
 casey is like "minus the court shit the move is goodness"
 
 Government intelligence analyst job in seattle
 
 Wtf....  Casey is like?
 
 Caseys = "casey is"
 
 Casey's?
 
 ?
 
 kk Caseys like minus court possibility would be goodness
 
 Applied to gov Intel job in Seattle also
 
 Kk t then I can meet with my advisor today.good
 
 cheri
 
 Someone picking up Adam?
 
 And that 11 acre lot. We could eventually build our dream home on lol ..commune it up.. Lmao
 
 Its the only realistic thought for our size requirements
 
 Lol. U realize we will likely live closish to a bigger city but live in a town/city of less than 100k
 
 like I said. it'started too hard
 
 I look at everywhere as not here. so it'd be better to just be like...shit doesn't explode there are liberals aND good schools etc
 
 Look to see places you won't kill me (assuming we dont live in the main city obviously)
 
 I don't really want dc.
 
 Washington DC seems bad
 
 so does la
 
 http://www.pcmag.com/slideshow/story/323932/14-high-tech-cities-you-ll-want-to-call-home/1
 
 I'm not comfortable with California it's just not a safe place. I wouldn't want to move to southern California and I thinknow that's where all the jobs are.
 
 So Seattle Portland (Cali? If I commute to big city)
 
 I don't know cities and places I think all ouster box is dangerous. so all I can say is like....liberal
 
 no deathly every fucking year
 
 and mid sized. which I realize is weird perspective wise cause tucson is over 1 mil. and Seattle isnt....which is weird as fuck to me.
 
 Well think of cities lol. Seattle Portland and tucpheo
 
 zombie apocalypse man
 
 hurricane damage haha \noh and nowhere with more then 1.5 million people in Metro area. seriously.
 
 New York rofl
 
 Portland lol. \nbasically I can say like\nno where with earthquakes in the past 3 years that damaged shit\nno where with hurricanes 3 years\nno bible belt\nno bottom right half of United States\nNo red cities
 
 ?
 
 So... Pheonix / Tucson ish area...   Seattle.   Amy other places you'd be ok moving to so I can start mass dumping applications?
 
 I apparently got lucky enough to hit my ssn I guess
 
 
 
 maybe it's on that muster form they sent you I'll look
 
 K ill try that
 
 that'd be the top picture
 
 where they starred out the first 5 numbers
 
 Says it will be a number. Like this. 000-00-0000 or 00-000-000
 
 that's all there is nothing is full number
 
 
 
 
 
 I just need the va file number on it
 
 Do you know where any va letter to me is?
 
 Listed everything.... Holy shit...
 
 
 
 
 
 Wow... I am broken....
 
 yeah
 
 Kk. Ill do what I can here. I need to get it in. If we get approved.. We need the money
 
 only thing I can think of is its in the box but I can't get that down by myself.
 
 Or maybe a manilla envelope in the office. Not sure....
 
 Blue fodder
 
 Its in the living room I think
 
 I'm afraid to leave them alone
 
 Grr... I was gonna ask if you could take pictures of my dd214 so I can work on my disability claim
 
 and watching wiggles
 
 trying to get the energy to clean up the fucking mess the kids made of my coffee
 
 Whatcha doing
 
 Bleh... Lol
 
 smokes cereal milk
 
 Anything other than wipes?
 
 We need to get you at least a backup ecig. We have the juice. Don't k ow if we have a working unit though
 
 eyes tolling. also I might be pissed from hours without nicotine
 
 Kk mwah love you. Just wanted to let you know
 
 then go do amazon thing and stop talking to me
 
 Ill take damn near anything from Amazon.
 
 
 
 have fun applyung
 
 If we ever want out of this hole were in. I have to keep getting applicatio s in
 
 it's amazon......might as well work for mcdonals
 
 Putting in applications that can lead to a possible guaranteed job waiting for graduation that is only being offered to vets? Lol
 
 you can't see me but I'm rolling my eyes
 
 
 
 
 
 Skipping my last class... But for a good reason. Lol
 
 yep
 
 Grargh...
 
 the fridge is currently tied with a grocery bags
 
 I'm getting done with his stealing shit
 
 Aiden dumped an entire box of maltomeal
 
 stole more eggs
 
 a knife
 
 juice
 
 and now I'm out of smokes. no time for new girl
 
 Apparenlry new girl season 5 is on Netflix
 
 yes
 
 What's kellys full name.  Kelly Deyoe?
 
 Kk
 
 probably but right now I'm just trying to pull myself together enough to pick up the kids. and get shit done.
 
 Thought is was in ur phobe
 
 no clue
 
 I'm going to arrange a lunch with Kelly . what's his number/email?
 
 I'm done. with everyone. with all of it.
 
 So family get togethers and that's it?
 
 yep that's where I'm at. I told her she was a disrespectful child. she said I didn't answer my phone so she assumed I wasn't talkingredients to her. I apologized for not having my phone strapped to my hand
 
 told her blaming her behaviour on me was childish and manipulative and then said bye
 
 Fuck her.
 
 didn't even make it 24 hours
 
 she messaged mike to see if she could pick up rene on his days....
 
 
 
 Just got one for us to share :) yummy
 
 eeeeew
 
 I found butter pecon flavored cheese rolls.  We can share ;D
 
 
 
 
 
 kk
 
 U cheeserols
 
 n for no
 
 y for yes no for no
 
 U said y...=?
 
 get me a something not cereal. yes dumb fuck I already said you hdz
 
 Do we have milk
 
 Duh...
 
 we no have cereal
 
 Cereal.
 
 y
 
 We hv milk ?
 
 
 
 Super fucking broke.... Just bought you smokes. We have like 2$
 
 
 
 
 
 .twins
 
 Suuuuuure :p. New? Smokes
 
 can you bring new smokes?
 
 Made it to the car
 
 just checking...since you seem to be incapable of actual responses
 
 Yes lol
 
 so you will be home before 6?
 
 Kk
 
 like I said I don't have to leave till 6 I was just curious
 
 Had to logon to check schedule. I can head home now. Gotta do a bunch of homework when kids bed
 
 .......
 
 I mean I have to leave for kellond at 6
 
 what time home? I have to be at kellond at 6
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 he's already picked bioshock
 
 no
 
 Should I got buy Mikey his present
 
 
 
 30 hours. Decent views compared to last time
 
 
 
 Forgot charger today. Phones at likeb20%
 
 So he got paid like 4 days ago. Should have money pretty sure
 
 not this friday
 
 next. so 10 days...the 23
 
 When's your money come in? U have same payday
 
 no clue
 
 Kk.  Mikey have money?
 
 we need to 110.00 or talk to southwest by the 19 or the gas is off. \nalso today mikey b day so I'm making corned beef
 
 (As an adjective)
 
 Yoda
 
 And squee and fogiddabotit swirly
 
 Yolo was just added to the Oxford English dictionary :'(
 
 From that already 10 more views on the site
 
 Its the other one they retweeted.(different post) Its about a link to startup guides
 
 thanks ff this 6 step low?
 
 10.4k followers just retweeted my post.....
 
 
 
 
 
 Leaving now.
 
 91 views
 
 Step 1. Get a donation. :)
 
 nope
 
 Sheila p Keith . ring any bells? Not to me..
 
 fuck if I know
 
 Any idea on carr5? Anyone we know? Or has my word spreading started to work?
 
 
 
 The $1 is me
 
 \U000feb97
 
 :) sounds good
 
 your onsane
 
 Whatcha think? Lmao
 
 
 
 The dream....wake up tomorrow to like 10k donated rofl
 
 Kk waiting for last class now
 
 not really took vitamins stopped shaking still crap
 
 You feeling any better?
 
 Using my Twitter as well through the vets and crowd funding sites
 
 Up to 71views on the indiegogo and only like 6 are mine
 
 Oh.. Then I don t know... :( mwah. I'm setting up the indigogo
 
 this isn't anxiety. panic attacks are different this is like when I was pregoo with twins before we knew. this is sick wrong not anxious wrong. no not raining yet
 
 It is here
 
 Sounds like anxiety. Is it storming there yet?
 
 somethings wrong
 
 shaking
 
 elevated heart rate
 
 dizzy
 
 just in time for kid pick up yay. something is wrong
 
 :p lol
 
 ha I got more then you but I got 2nd in my group I got 2035
 
 Lol
 
 weird weird man
 
 I got 1st lol
 
 
 
 My response.. I had to edit it twice. lol to not be as mean ROFL
 
 Tiffany
 
\n\n     Ok
 
 I can respect your arguments
 
 however
 
 if I look at mankind from a creationist viewpoint
 
 which I am not
 
 similarly to how you chose to look at it from an evolutionist standpoint. God created Adam and Eve
 
 therefore
 
 he invented them
 
 and the Garden was tainted by mankind
 
 forgoing paradise. By that thought process
 
 mankind is in itself a disruptive technology (an invention of God). The point I was actually going for was that in order for humans to survive and thrive in the context of what majority of the people in the US would consider 'thriving' we must change out environment to accommodate us
 
 being very destructive in the process. I will conceed however
 
 that this may not have fully fit into the specific question being asked.\n\n    As to the argument of technology as a broad section
 
 how can you say that new age technology has not played a part of destroying living things? Lithium batteries come from strip mining
 
 Microchips can only be made off of a material that is from a very remote portion of the world
 
 causing massive destruction to the environment in the process. Book
 
 notebook paper
 
 toilet paper etc... still are the leading cause of deforestation of the rainforest
 
 aside from lumber for housing developments which are on a constant increase due to the population rise. Personally
 
 advancing mankind
 
 as you put it
 
 has been the main reason for any and majority of disruptive technologies being introduced. To be cynical
 
 you dont see a monkey with a backhoe breaking ground for a new Starbucks across the street from a Starbucks. \n\n     On to farming.... How can it not have been invented? Considering humans progressed from hunter gatherers (not farmers) into farmers
 
 allowing for homesteading
 
 it is therefore an invention. This invention was one of the first causes of massive changes to the natural environment in the form of tilling (whether by hand or large tools as you described). Regardless
 
 the invention of modern farming started the need for more efficient and larger abilities for the alteration of the earths surface fit for the production of crops. You can still make a plot of land baron by not using tools if you over farm
 
 and do not rotate crops (I am from the country in Kansas so I am well aware of the ramifications tools play as well) I was merely stating farming was the origination.\n\n    Lastly
 
 I did not say obesity caused farming
 
 I said that through progression of farming
 
 it allowed obesity to exist. By allowing humans to homestead and live in one area year round instead of essentially migrating
 
 less calories were burned. By the invention of farming
 
 it was feasible for one person to grow more that what was required for their personal consumption to sustain life. This allowed the first account of having excess food
 
 thereby allowing the concept of obesity to begin. \n\n    I used these examples because they are the originals in their specific field. Many disruptive technologies sprung from these foundations but these were the founders
 
 in my opinion.
 
 Booo
 
 
 
 
 
 Throw potatoes in with roast and veggies nukawave before serve
 
 no we are out I have three almost spoiled potatoes andcannedveggiesandcarrots
 
 We still have instant potatoes?
 
 defrosted a pot roast from back of freezer have it going for dinner will have to figure out sides later
 
 no you're apparently completely naive and have never read the little signs on gas pumps before. no energy to explain
 
 fucking busy
 
 Google it
 
 So it put a hold on 100? Wth.. I'm confused..
 
 gas stations auto debit a set amount from your account sometimes then fix when your done pumping. otherwise no idea because I literally only put 25 in the van and spent 18 plus a pack of smokes at frys
 
 After seeing frys I just assumed you already went shopping
 
 ? I'm confused now
 
 
 
 I didn't spend 100 I got 25 worth of gas it'd the auto debit
 
 Then what wad the like 100$? At frys?
 
 I gotta grab about 20 bucks worst of shit in the store
 
 Scared me.. The account was down to 137$ and I was like.. Crap nikki no have money
 
 got gas vans on e
 
 Already went shopping?
 
 Mikey said he no touch car windows  last night.... Aka... Car possessed
 
 bye
 
 Class now. Mwah byebye
 
 kk
 
 And I need to order a wiper arm for jag
 
 Ok if we no break break easy. Ill look at it when hone and if bad. Take to firestone.
 
 like I see how it does but I can't do
 
 Ouch..
 
 I can't figure out how it goes back in.
 
 I'm so fn done I freaked cause steering wheel stuck so hit the brakes and unstuck it and snap bye bye turn signal
 
 lol
 
 We're old. Lol lets take a break... Go kid shoe shopping with noo kids. Haha
 
 lol
 
 Or we can take a vacation rofl and go to store together...
 
 I can check sizes before one of us goes
 
 Kk. Sizes? Or no clue?
 
 we need to buy twins shoes. they've lost all the shoes or they don't fit
 
 But I paid to park in the park garage by the music building
 
 Nope
 
 anything flooded yet
 
 aND I have 4 hours to hope the rain chills out
 
 kk at least they are close
 
 So I can get Adam. Just not the lil ones
 
 I begged for coffee
 
 yes my sibling bring me coffee no my brother no pick up kids.
 
 Cuz I can skip my linguistics class today but can't skip choir
 
 Kk.. Kris ?
 
 he won't even be online to talk to today
 
 kris is brining me coffee cause I was so fucking cold and wet from handsugnals. no he picks them up yomorrow
 
 Chris for lil two?
 
 no your right
 
 I'm just fuuuuuck at this point
 
 2 hours early?
 
 he gets out 120 it's fucking wednesday
 
 I can pick up Adam (220?)  bit can't get the lil two
 
 turn signal and wipers. luckily I figured out how to jimmy those with my finger in the hole. haven't figured out blinkers or brights yet
 
 The turn signal? Lol
 
 Umm.. K?
 
 
 
 
 
 I'm focusing on the 2nd. Because the reviews were around before social media
 
 love bye
 
 It lets me review shit before I buy it
 
 and shoves random crap in my fave too.
 
 Mwah. Working on presentation about has social media affected consumer behavior
 
 ill have laundry and dishes done so fuck it accomplished and shit
 
 Kk
 
 no ill just have the kids help me later
 
 for now im just like fuck it whatever. house doesnt need clean
 
 Wanna hire Renee again
 
 I got laundry and dishes going but cleaning the house requires too much damn effort right now
 
 Yippee... Class over... Now to go build a presentation for this afternoon
 
 no he'd better not
 
 Better not have a single one of those decks
 
 he was in the yard almost and I hear him go hey jayedn I have my pokemon
 
 he did I didn't notice till he was iut
 
 Assuming he tried to take his trade binder?
 
 also van needs cleaning out full of ants
 
 remind me Adams in trouble he's got pokemon cards
 
 in my dream you went bowling then dragget me out to a strip club game show bit for some reason didn't want any one to know we were dating so you stayed at the game show part on top and sent me to the bottom because the whole place was on a severe slant. and the lesbians kept wanting me to be gay and I almost left with a tattooed one so you dragged me out of there then everyone knew we were dating and you got mad.
 
 
 
 Estimate time home?
 
 K..  Gonna smoke and bed prolly
 
 yea
 
 U alive?
 
 Just got to car
 
 I do not want to pick up my so today. just like straight up grrrr I don't want to leave the house. I'm so done
 
 Just got to car need anything?
 
 Lol
 
 yesterday I had....the 7 tacos.
 
 I had two pieces of pizza and a taco yesterday
 
 Yeah I had to make myself a slim fast and chug it. my body was unhappy
 
 I was shaking by 1030
 
 Actually are lunch... Feel 100%better
 
 Lol
 
 lie
 
 Uptown funk is impossible to not tap your foot to... Lol
 
 yeah. We're outta milk so I gotta pick some up
 
 U have fs right?
 
 kk imma try to keep kids alive. and pick up shit at store
 
 Ill look and see what I can find
 
 Us it at over 95%with internet access not counting homeless . but yes annoying
 
 Yeah well fucking schools should not assume kids have access to computer and printer. yeah there is library but not everyone has time. its a bunch of bullshit
 
 Its tip the point were out affects the kids homework
 
 kk
 
 Ill take van Fri or Sat and we'll see what's left
 
 no we need to fix van and shit
 
 Want me to get one for less a g?
 
 no fuck.
 
 That one is done
 
 Need new or newish computer
 
 I started and then went haha no
 
 My office stupid... Kids keep fucking and its dog santuary
 
 I'm tired. the kitchen and hallway are done. if I bother to bag everything. three loads of laundry done. working on second load of dishes. fuck your office
 
 
 
 hahaha
 
 1400$... That's 1 suit right? Rofl jk jk
 
 They've all gone poof
 
 Lol I looked in the bedroom couldn't find any..
 
 so did dishes
 
 made appt for kids check ups
 
 started laundry but I can't find any of your pants
 
 Then I ain't gonna buy it :p
 
 probably not but I want it
 
 Would you wear it? Lol
 
 Lol
 
 I want a dark wood one
 
 LEMON ON A PEEEEAAAARR
 
 K. Just trying to help...
 
 if I black her she will show up at my house or call me from someone else's phone. and kris will just make her mad at kris tio. she'll lose her mind. look
 
 my mother is crazy
 
 controlling and manipulative the only way I can take a break from her is this kind of break. it's just how it works anything else and she will fucking go crazier.
 
 Best bet is either block or try to get Kris to get her too chill
 
 Which will make things worse
 
 yes and if I ignore her I'll get even more messages
 
 If I tell her to leave you alone for a week she will go off on me and say I'm manipulating you into hating her
 
 I'm trying to get one. but she is still my mother and I'm not twelve.
 
 Sorry. If I had told you to just ignore her you'd have yelled at me as that is just avoidance and would have ignored the fact you need a mom break
 
 Yeah while I'm cooking dinner chasing kids and stressed
 
 instead of last night when I asked for help.
 
 I was trying to help. Damn
 
 oh just fuck off.
 
 Or block and set a calender reminder
 
 Then message her that you are blocking her for an indeterminate amount of time as a you distress. That way you can still be your 'respectful' and get the break. And youbdont even have to actually block her
 
 Yeah hard when your phone keeps beeping.
 
 Just as a destress from her shit period
 
 Ill have to take the van in this weekend or Friday afternoon I can pick Adam up Friday at 320. \n\nAnd in my opinion you need to ignore your mother for at least a couple days. As in not reading her. Messages. If something important happens the rest of the family or Kris will call you
 
 So smokes on way home? Or will Mikey likely be home by then? 730ish?
 
 Kids are assholes won't listen tpm the living room mom's been texting all day making excuses and telling me I need to get help.  I'm depressed
 
 over tired
 
 the van is still fucking up and smells like burning oil
 
 it's hot
 
 and Im down to smoking the broken cigarettes sk yeah been a great fucking day
 
 How's kids and van?\nAny new Tanya developments?
 
 Got my project approved for my programming class
 
 Trying to finish the disability claim but the websites being stupid
 
 Heading to the car
 
 
 
 
 
 Lmao
 
 he waved and said hi daddy
 
 Damn... Hoping the daddy pic scared him away lol
 
 
 
 ahhh free
 
 demon
 
 why
 
 Haha
 
 why
 
 omg
 
 he is not letting me stop typing
 
 Lol
 
 it's weird he's pushing on my thumb
 
 Lol
 
 Aiden is helping me type
 
 Yup same here
 
 I feels like ugh
 
 How I feelz currently lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I want job.....
 
 
 
 I have to use like 25$ to pay the bursa chargesntoday had to get the rest of my stuff for music theory class
 
 Yeah but that's morgage
 
 Did u get my message about us getting 1400 in the next couple days
 
 Grargh
 
 stalled twice
 
 How was van?
 
 kk
 
 Hmm.. No clue. Ill block drive it when I Get home . tonight's the late day
 
 its not shifting right and feels like boggy
 
 Ahh.. Idk then. What's it beingvweirdnabout? Heat or just random stall?
 
 I have no idea. usually her mom picks them up
 
 Hmm.. Renee pick them up or is she running off to work right after?
 
 vans acting up stalled on me twice. picking up and am and renee is gonna be fin
 
 holds 20 numbers. so it will work for rene
 
 
 
 1400 coming to the account in the next couple days
 
 Lol. She's not even gonna think well just buy a new phone and line will she? Rofl
 
 mikey data disappeared so he texted her then I fixed it
 
 You tell Mikey? Or how did you find out?
 
 Fuck her. Lol
 
 So.. We'll just need to get Rene a line and get her a fresh start with Adam. And then the bitch can pay an empty line
 
 lol
 
 She changed her password
 
 We have to wait till September to remove it
 
 That Jessie number is the tablet
 
 mom's password is the same but it's her number instead. I'm gonna have to go down to tmobile though
 
 she also added a random number that isn't connected
 
 Wow she did it for us haha. Ok ill try to move rene
 
 Wright 123 mom swapped mikey to our plan so I got on and gave him back data
 
 What's tmobile password?
 
 The window in the back that was blocked up because with was off the track slid all the way down. :/
 
 That damn name without stupid autocorrect
 
 Cherie?
 
 From cherid
 
 Kk
 
 on way home
 
 Having fun?
 
 
 
 The only one I like is the guy who plays the guy from law and order.\n\nThis is the next generation of rent
 
 Go look at the car tyre
 
 so no food
 
 Micro pizza rolls?
 
 I don't want to make shit
 
 So no food?
 
 ovens are hard. eh I'll be fine
 
 Poppers?
 
 food would be good but can't think what so eh
 
 Meet anything other than soda?
 
 Just. Got to frys
 
 alive
 
 kk
 
 Leaving now
 
 Luckily I had the 90$ in my wallet to but the jack . hammer and torch lol
 
 no I has it not stold
 
 U stolez my card....
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 Love u too
 
 ass
 
 
 
 
 
 I'm no effort point
 
 ha no
 
 Lol googleness
 
 
 
 I don't know
 
 What delivers?
 
 Haha no sex till after food. I ate 5 chips and I'm starvibg
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 she half woke up and is crying because she dumped her snack when she rolled
 
 
 
 she just rolled off the couch
 
 
 
 I do love that about her
 
 Lol Sophia... I'm not tired...... Nope nope (faceplant)
 
 stinking weird
 
 Nope... Now there's 1 more lol
 
 satab babies. sophia at least eventually collapses
 
 
 
 We are the only ones lol
 
 weird even weirder you aren't the only one there
 
 
 
 it's Wednesday
 
 Yeah
 
 U said 220 right
 
 Kk
 
 I am not taking these fuckers our again
 
 ugh
 
 In.  My card is there
 
 kk well have to figure out something for dinner I haven't had time to do shit chasing their asses today. they've been all over. they practically climbed up hiroshis parents at the school.
 
 220 ill get hin
 
 MA have to get Adam huh
 
 Grargity rawr rawr
 
 fucking assholes just dumped out an entire box of mix packets onto the floor while I was getting them clothes.
 
 220
 
 Sorry. I won't be hone that early.. When does Adam get out?
 
 nope
 
 Is someonebpicking up billy Saundra for you?
 
 same hete. I can't fucking breathe and Aiden and sonya won't stop getting into shit. deodorant perfume nuts gravy mix Tim tams office clothes anything and everything
 
 Choir getting ready to start. I might cone hone after and skip my last class. I feel like shit and can barely stand up.  Grrrrr
 
 Left the money card on the food stampcard for smokes
 
 Yeah folded be nice but no hungers o eh
 
 ?
 
 K just got to car. Just smokesm
 
 I don't know gate website
 
 What's required to request
 
 smokes just leaving kellond didn't have time to hit bloom too. BTW Adam can be requested gate test this year. auto test 5th but he can take this year
 
 Need anything?
 
 kk
 
 Jyst got out of class
 
 Yeah totally good plan
 
 Hmm... Lots of sugar and padded walls? Lol
 
 ugh chidlens
 
 Mwah
 
 Pssht nevvvverrrrrr honey bunches of nope rofl
 
 mikey texting you a thing
 
 Kk at frys
 
 pop pleas3
 
 damn right
 
 Malibu s most wanted? Lol
 
 Heading just got in the car
 
 And yes.. Chitlen iz satttttaaaaannn
 
 fun
 
 
 
 satan
 
 our children are satab
 
 Guess what
 
 Figured Adam would get one lie Rene
 
 Kk
 
 I'm having mikey pick up poster board and gluesticks. rene has till friday
 
 saundra and Adam have till tomorrow to do quick little ones about themselves
 
 renes is a whole family style
 
 What do they need? I won't be home till line 9
 
 I don't fucking know something about tuimelines
 
 Stupid ants \n\nNow what about project
 
 stupid kellond has big black carpenter ant infestation in parking lit. bit right on the top of my foot
 
 shit still burns. I'm fucking allergic as fuck to those bastards. it's gonna still hurt tomorrow. fucking bastards.
 
 Wtf
 
 also I got big by a fucker ant
 
 making me crazy. they all have a project tonight
 
 How 's kidz
 
 There's my schedule
 
 
 
 Oh.. And I'm back to 23 units.  An ista course that fills the last requirement (aside from the science and math) and doesn't make me stay at school any longer. It fit into Tuesday Thursday 2-3ish which was an open break
 
 Ok lemme know when he gets home and see if he likes any of them. And then I can see if the seller still has them. Since Adam Saundra are done. If we can get billy done. We only have Rene and the lil ones for Christmas
 
 I don't know which ones he'd want
 
 Because he just wanted games right?
 
 Do u know if billy wanted any of these?
 
 
 
 Lol 70-75k would be nice. I put that because the lowest salary they have listed in glass door for that job type is 83k
 
 why do I need to say yay everytime  you apply duh I hope you get it
 
 
 
 
 
 Yippee clean kitchen
 
 Pssht just ok... Not good luck.. Love you.. Hope you get it? :p lol
 
 
 
 ok
 
 Intelligence system analyst
 
 Applied for 3 more jobs. 70k 75k 75k in sierra vista
 
 Super beard lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 kids right?
 
 Boooo
 
 no I need to vaccum out disassemble reassemble again
 
 What do we need for the dishwasher?  Garbage disposal cleaner?
 
 soda
 
 smokes
 
 plastic silver and plates
 
 
 
 
 
 Made it to the car. Getting ready to head towards adam
 
 Getting ready to leave the school. Battery almost dead and charger in car. Need anything?
 
 9 away
 
 Call Renee lol
 
 Jeeze
 
 need magic clean up house wand. fuck this
 
 Aiden dumped out all the peroxide and coated himself in liquid bandage while I made lunch. I'm just done with this crap
 
 57 now
 
 .. Hmmm.. Adult protective services on her and gg. And then they can share an apartment lmao
 
 we're gonna need plastic silverware for dinner. I ain't fucking with that today with no kid backup
 
 probably
 
 Lmao...  Ur mom....nnneeds glasses.. Medication... And a nursing home
 
 she just saw kansas
 
 mom doesn't know yours
 
 it's your number
 
 oh wait now I'm on here nevermind
 
 That sounds like Rene didn't know my number lol
 
 hung up then dialed my number
 
 no mom checked the bill 326 pm on 8/15
 
 Who told you?  Marissa text or something?
 
 No shit..
 
 don't know but obviously we need to talk about it
 
 How the fuck did he get her phone?
 
 yep
 
 Wth..
 
 so renes phone was used to call kansas by Adam
 
 52. ... I'm 71....  Hopefully I get out in time for Adam lmao arfgh
 
 Positive note... I'm only in 3 buildings this semester lol
 
 yep
 
 Joy......
 
 dishwashers clogged again.
 
 My bad.... Now there's 30 lol
 
 Only like 29 more numbers......
 
 I checked....
 
 not unless you've got a pic of the jag on your phone
 
 Any clue how to find my license plate number without leaving the building?
 
 Ty
 
 ? Isv that it? Or was that babies? Lol
 
 
 
 sajda01p11gm13629
 
 Can u look for the jag title? I need the vin #
 
 Imma be here for more than a lil bit
 
 At parking and transportation...  Damn...
 
 
 
 Wiiu and poken tournament lol
 
 Almost spent 350$ on Mikey lol
 
 K ill grab those from target after I get the kids.  Wall Mart didn't have any rollalong backpacks
 
 smokes caffiene toilet paper wipes
 
 Need anything from Wal-Mart
 
 Oh.. And I am soooooo buying a roll along backpack
 
 Already in car
 
 you need to leave soon don't forget kids out at 1255
 
 Graduate orientation... Ok\nAnd mother fucking sorority orientation. Good fucking lord . stampeding bimbos
 
 ?
 
 Good lord
 
 
 
 http://www.10best.com/destinations/arizona/tucson/restaurants/breakfast-brunch/
 
 
 
 
 
 do I need to come home
 
 All the way through. Fully pierced
 
 Aiden fell and put his tooth through his lip. He's fine. Icing the outside
 
 Butterscotch.. Ok haha
 
 vanilla
 
 Mikey type soy ?
 
 
 
 
 
 ;)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 all about those MySpace angles
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I'm impressed by the sexiness and the boobage in ur pic
 
 should I be impressed?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah mwah mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 :p meany
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ;)
 
 
 
 I love it when ur angry ;)  you gonna punish me? Lol haha
 
 
 
 I thought so
 
 Sexy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Boobs. :D
 
 I'm hungry...trying to figure out what to eat
 
 Elaborate
 
 I want actual food
 
 Now I'm hungry ;)
 
 Sexy
 
 I'm a girl look!!
 
 
 
 his tummy hurts and he has low fever
 
 Heading to car now
 
 ? Nurse?  What's up
 
 yes they have ones that go in the hole for the washer drain
 
 so maybe they have one for the hose. I don't know
 
 whatever you find just a lint trap we can put on the hose or in the tub hole or something so the fucker will stop clogging
 
 Trap for the hose?
 
 no for the hosey thing if they have one. \nI don't think I need anything else. I'm trying to figure out food.
 
 The enzyme clog thing and a lint trap for The tub
 
 Did you need anything while I was out?
 
 
 
 
 
 Scooby doo.  Ruh roooo
 
 I see... I say I love you and u just need the security code for my money card rofl jk
 
 364
 
 need back 3 ##
 
 Mwah love you babe
 
 kk
 
 Sure. Ill east whatever without onions etc...
 
 bubba wouldn't eat it but the rest of them would
 
 bbc chicken and bac9n?
 
 I just bought 20 pokeballs with my survey credits lol free stuff... Coolio
 
 cause Billy and the twins aren't picky
 
 they eat mine and it has veggies and anchovies
 
 I'll let you know
 
 and I'll see if I can find a methinks kids/you
 
 I think I added it
 
 Need my number? Or is it all added already?
 
 Just get the kids stuff. Ill eat a slice of cheese it pepperoni . I need to stop getting me a pizza since no one eats it but me
 
 Fine wtf you want
 
 I really want other high you right now
 
 I have all stuff u need. :p
 
 I don't have your card
 
 Then it'll be there when the biggums get hone
 
 I meant my card
 
 and my card only has 20 on it till friday
 
 it's a psychotic death
 
 no I refuse to do it on the phone
 
 Card. Phone
 
 and the computer xucjs
 
 I could but I have no money you have the money
 
 U could just order dinner and say fuckity fuck it
 
 Lol
 
 I gave them cheerios and nuts they are attacking them like theyeah never been feed
 
 Purty clouds
 
 
 
 Say ahhh ill slide something in ;) haha
 
 Kids are driving me crazy "I'm hungry" too bad there's no food deal. " but I'm huuuuuuungry"
 
 
 
 lol
 
 Darn... I was listening to murder she wrote but it cut off before I could get you the chorus lol
 
 
 
 Expected more traffic lol
 
 just by an hour.....
 
 
 
 Think I'm early.... Lol
 
 
 
 we still need it so there you can get it when you pick up the biggers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 something to cook for dinner
 
 milk for tomorrow morning are needed
 
 
 
 Brock said hi
 
 Still have to come back tomorrow...  This final is apparently going to be very long...
 
 Fine :p
 
 nah I already got baby's dressed pointless
 
 Already packed up
 
 I can leave now
 
 your not gonna get there in time I don't think
 
 they get out in thirty min
 
 Is have to come back here tomorrow . I'm done with 2 of my 5 questions
 
 Traffic died down. Want me to get the lil two?
 
 Nuh uhhhhh
 
 assface
 
 Seexxx........... Ok I'm done..
 
 Bug?
 
 but your picking up the bug two
 
 okay
 
 They are slowly releasing people from campus due to flooding. So probably you and the van unless chris can get them.
 
 nerd
 
 Well... Give me direction so I can nail you/I mean it lol
 
 mom's not picking up the kids because arene is having surgery. do you want to pick them up or should I take the van?
 
 that was soooooo lame
 
 Just paid cox..  So you should be filled for awhile ;) lmao... Wow.. Even my bad jokes are getting more pathetic..
 
 Hey sexy ;) mwah mwah (in all the fun places hehe)
 
 I don't know what I need and I don't fucking care.
 
 What?
 
 food I guess but at this point I don't fucking care
 
 :p need anything?  I got u smokes
 
 ok
 
 Paid rest of mortgage
 
 https://tucson.craigslist.org/search/vga?query=ds
 
 Ok sexy :p
 
 caffiene
 
 Do u need caffeine or something?
 
 Ozzy has a son we never knew about lol. And he cohad the kid with slash rofl
 
 Which is favorite?
 
 Thoughts?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Holybfuck...
 
 Think this just full color. Looking for examples for Then other parts
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah
 
 told you it was ridiculous
 
 Oucies..
 
 
 
 Tmobile password?
 
 Wow... Fine... Dont share a smoke with me.... Meany :p
 
 why woold I smoke 2 smokes
 
 \U000feb1e\U000feb1e?
 
 
 
 no sushi hurts my tummy
 
 \U000fe96e\U000fe96f\U000fe987\U000fe982
 
 I'm not awake enough for that shit
 
 \U000fe327\U000fe32c\U000fec17\U000fec19\U000fe32d\U000fec19\U000fec17\U000fe32c\U000fe327\U0001f60e\U0001f60e
 
 
 
 Pretty and. Creepy
 
 
 
 kk
 
 
 
 I bring lunch
 
 I'm gonna go see cake this weekend maybe. and before you bitch I don't go out with you
 
 I haven't hung out with him in like 5 years.
 
 :p
 
 Never
 
 wakey wakey
 
 ?
 
 They have malt powder but no butterscotch... Wow I'm old.....
 
 Or fascinations ;) hahhaa
 
 lol oooh we could go to target instead of walmart.....
 
 Wanna get spoiled sexy babe ;) lol
 
 
 
 
 
 Time out... Haha
 
 
 
 still hard to find wander child
 
 Did.  They said he stayed in and by fence
 
 tell him he acted stupidhead
 
 Bannk then home
 
 Gotem
 
 They did. He just made it there.
 
 so I can yell at him for acting stupid
 
 just have them call him to the fucking office
 
 Still looking
 
 Poof child...
 
 he's over by the parking lot because his retarded ass followed renee around instead of going to the fucking kffice
 
 What?
 
 jesus you two are weird
 
 I don't fucking know call renee
 
 Office?
 
 kk renees with him because he saw renee and is flipping shit
 
 Running. Late.. At Algernon.
 
 get that fucking transportation paper tp
 
 K. Ill pick him up drop him off and just go back to campus tonfiniah my term paper
 
 
 
 320?
 
 Whatsvtheir number youbkormallybhavr it in your phone
 
 call school and say he needs to take bus home like last year. the one his sister rene is supposed to ride
 
 No clue how to do that
 
 lol well call school and see 8f you can get them to put him on bus
 
 I don't wanna make you pick up Adam because of all the kids....:/
 
 Finally got to the vetsboffice.
 
 
 
 Rape them for money hahaha
 
 Grargh
 
 kk
 
 Depends on how long this takes...   Waiting on manager. Haven't started homework yet. We needed thebmonet
 
 kk let me know about Adam pick up
 
 Tryin ta get da loan
 
 Grargh....
 
 That kid that was fucked with. Here's what the rest of the poke community did
 
 Ummmmm
 
 We need lol
 
 Mwah
 
 ;)
 
 Bow...chika...wow.wow
 
 Heading home
 
 Mwah love you
 
 Good for me.
 
 First break
 
 saw ignoring it
 
 Sent u a text
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah mwah mwah mwah mwah :)
 
 Mwah . love you
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ouch....  But its better than his first try at like 770$ for stock oem tires rated for 60 K lmao
 
 Like 440$ total
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 can wait
 
 ?
 
 I said  n wIr
 
 So veg and apples need now?
 
 I need. shop like immediately out of vegetables and apples and shit but it can wait
 
 At frys. Anything other than smokes. Laundry detergent and trash bags?
 
 K. Well bag up everything tonight and ill go to the laundry mat tomorrow. Ok?
 
 smokes and a fucking laundromat
 
 Heading home. Need anything?
 
 Happy bday to me I guess haha
 
 Saturday at 6pm
 
 bring
 
 smokes
 
 Kk?
 
 Stopping by tattoo place first
 
 Forgot car charger
 
 Phone on X heading home
 
 Twxt
 
 Text
 
 Love you
 
 Mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hey sexy.... How uuuuuu doooin? ;) hahaha
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Outside
 
 pantano broadway
 
 Guess where ....
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk mwah
 
 we're gonna eat. save you food though
 
 
 
 
 
 :'(  ok. Mwah
 
 the kids are literally arguing over a fucking stapler
 
 I'm outta smokes outta vodka
 
 and have been listening to whining for a week. dinner is going
 
 and they are whining that it isn't fucking ready after I literally just put it on simmer so no no sex
 
 :(  y? ;p
 
 no
 
 \U000fe982 \U000fe982 sex sleep :p
 
 \U0001f378\U0001f378\U0001f634
 
 Good rain stopped
 
 And.... Rain.....
 
 151miles
 
 I keep looking for you presents and whenever o find one I think you'd like... I think you'd yell at me lol
 
 Mmmhmm.. I have yup deal with them in car. And we 2 day's it...
 
 gonna change in like 2 hours geez
 
 Only rule I've stuck to is no Caffiene and no candy..
 
 
 
 
 
 or nikki gonna beat them
 
 tell them no stopping gain till home
 
 Whichever. The moaned and whined. At loves. They have mini pizzas.  The closer we get the bitchier the are..........
 
 am I cook? or we buy?
 
 I chicken easier to swipe type
 
 and rooster not chicken farm boy
 
 yes it is nice but wtf would I do with it? it's just be broken tomorrow
 
 2nd pic
 
 But u like the chicken?
 
 nick knacks get broked
 
 buy me smokes if you want to get me a present lol
 
 jesus
 
 Loves
 
 my grandmas house
 
 
 
 where the fuk are tou
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk love you
 
 therticalu
 
 Mikey should be hone by 5ish?
 
 watching yiufube and tylooking
 
 ? Lol
 
 cant. uness m8eu home\U0001f42d
 
 Looking a lol before 5. Gonna drop off kids and stuff then need one of you to go to drop off with me
 
 yeah
 
 U there?
 
 Akaka flats\n\n....
 
 260miles
 
 On i10 w
 
 Mwah love you
 
 Leaving Las cruces now. Hopefully no more damn stops ...
 
 K
 
 no.
 
 Just assumed..
 
 yeah
 
 so.
 
 Its her bday
 
 why would I be going out with renee
 
 U going out with Rene? Or is she coming over?
 
 Mwah mwah
 
 Pm.
 
 Unless I make up time or we lag
 
 We are looking at 430ish timeframe so far
 
 Las cruces lunch cuz they Whine
 
 drive safe
 
 you guys don't get home tonight I'll have a mutiny on my habds
 
 took three seconds and my tables fuck again. lol
 
 
 
 nope looks like hell
 
 still behind laundry and dishes. because I can't do laundry yet. maybe tomorrow
 
 Bet it looks amazing babe :)
 
 ugh got house picked up. that was hell.
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah mwah mwah love you :) mwah
 
 
 
 :p
 
 Those green beans of death lmao
 
 
 
 ?
 
 U and Rene going out tonight?
 
 Mwah love you. Tell them I said be good lol
 
 ugh
 
 How r lil ones
 
 :p
 
 Mwah
 
 Morning
 
 495 miles
 
 Leaving santa Rosa now
 
 Saundra...is...weird....
 
 
 
 
 
 U there?
 
 67$ for 2 queens. (Same hotel)
 
 Will message when hotel
 
 30 out of santa Rosa. But I was gonna try and push yup get back soonee
 
 well find a hotel
 
 Its bordering on raining me out... Monsoon level downpour every 3 miles or so
 
 And a shit load of lightning
 
 Yea..... Rain....
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 Pssht....  Bed time
 
 I'm never alone
 
 
 
 These two finally calmed down
 
 Lol
 
 sort of
 
 The lil ones ever calm down?
 
 
 
 Fun clouds lol....
 
 Mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 Fun stuff I'm driving towards....
 
 
 
 .... :p
 
 don't haveany
 
 Thoughts
 
 Hopefully we'll make santa Rosa tonight
 
 Mwah :)
 
 Yeah
 
 U there babe
 
 
 
 Sexy woman
 
 
 
 :p
 
 
 
 Texas
 
 Grr. Bathroom break again....
 
 Lol
 
 surrounded by satans
 
 Liberal
 
 
 
 Fucking autocorrect
 
 430
 
 We've got two miles so far..
 
 damn you barely moved
 
 Where were at
 
 
 
 Doubt Kris... Mikey maybe. Bit he'd have asked.... So no clue
 
 I don't know. it was weird. I know he needed mom's birth year too because he couldn't remember it. but even then that's 2 people. not a bunch.
 
 A bunch... Mmmhmm.. I think that's a lie lol
 
 kelly is adding me as a benificiary. he literally called and was like I'm adding "a bunch" of people can I have you ss# it was weird.
 
 :p
 
 Ok. Driving now.\n\nLove you. Were leaving Meade ks
 
 Mwah
 
 Them thar be our kidzzzzzz
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah love you
 
 I'd rather starve
 
 no its pizza Chinese or fucking Jim my johns which does not do here.
 
 Other things deliver
 
 I don't want pizza
 
 It was just something I saw and thought ud like when I was driving up. \n\nLove you \n\nOrder something babe
 
 drive safe
 
 you have issues. also I'm fucking  hangry
 
 
 
 That looks like blowtorch
 
 weird man
 
 Torch lighter
 
 Saw them and thought is like it lol
 
 wtf
 
 ?
 
 
 
 Oh.. I got you a funny little present that's not a present o. The up to ks
 
 I meant when Mikey home
 
 I haven't even had a chance to get food how in fuck would I get time to do that
 
 K. If Mikey or you get a chance. Drop it off at firestone for the breaks. Well get money back for the rental so we should be able to pay for it.
 
 oh and Sony has two giant styes. yes like I pushed the break it worked but the break petal made crunch feel and noise so I parked it.
 
 Car crunch? Like disky rotary stuff?
 
 I'm hungry
 
 I can't leave the house to go get groceries or food
 
 the car made a crunch when I breaker so we aren't driving it.
 
 Lol ok\n\nAnd you?
 
 Kids are assholes they raided our room
 
 got into instruments
 
 you have no more cork grease and there are letter stickers everywhere. bit otherwise they are fine
 
 How r the kids? Any better?\n\nAnd you?
 
 Stop again for peepee kids . -sigh- lol
 
 Almost to meade
 
 :p
 
 On da road again....
 
 Mwah. Second stop.. Pratt ks..
 
 Mwah love you.\n Just hit kingman
 
 Mwah love you
 
 what did you want? they made a mess and are watching "deddi tail"
 
 Ur very shortanswered
 
 yes
 
 U ok
 
 fine
 
 How are the babies
 
 :p
 
 
 
 
 
 Stop number 1. Saundra has to go pottttttty
 
 Still confused but ok .  I love you. Going to bed now. Ill have the kids call tomorrow while we are one the road once it gets to normal time there . mwah love you. Goodnight
 
 I told you friday
 
 no point in explaining 2+2=4 when all you see is 2+2= \U0001f41f
 
 What.....
 
 ok
 
 I made sure they saw everyone today so we could leave in the morning.
 
 What?
 
 why do you ask stupid questions
 
 Why are you pissed? (Fb status)
 
 ..k
 
 nothing
 
 What's wrong?
 
 ok
 
 Ok. Hopefully leaving at like 8ish. Making at least 3/4...I hope
 
 yeah
 
 U ok?
 
 ok
 
 Were leaving in the morning
 
 Mwah :)
 
 
 
 Mwah
 
 Jyst made it to town
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Almost to kc
 
 Made it to Goddard ks. (Where we bought the winter coats)
 
 hey not bad for 2 3yr olds and a 4yr old
 
 Spiffy
 
 spiffu?
 
 sophia is getting goot
 
 Spiffu
 
 
 
 
 
 Ahh
 
 they did the living room
 
 Make kids do it lol
 
 I got the house half clean. entry way and the pile from he'll in the kitchen left. ugh I hate cleaning
 
 Walk break in Greensburg
 
 6hrs left
 
 
 
 Just passed liberal ks
 
 Love you
 
 humidity stupid
 
 hahaha
 
 Is only 105. Car cant humidity lol
 
 yuck
 
 
 
 Mwah
 
 I miss long johns.
 
 Just passed long John silver lol
 
 Lol
 
 look at you go
 
 Kansas
 
 Mwah love you . message you at the next stop
 
 Ok that's enough.. Back to driving.. Fuuun
 
 350$  and they had a mini version for a foot rest at 100$ lol
 
 I kinda like the stool. i f I had somewhere to put it lol
 
 That I actually like but its 150$
 
 you have issues.
 
 
 
 Perfect lmao
 
 
 
 Jk
 
 Ok forks rofl
 
 Lmao :p
 
 no spoons
 
 I will.  Stretching legs. Getting ready to walk through an antique store
 
 Sony did a piccaso
 
 I gotta go clean twins room again for naps
 
 you be safe k.
 
 Kinda hard from here lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 love you too
 
 Fun times..  Mwah love you
 
 children of doom
 
 U started typing... Then it stopped... :p
 
 In Stratford tx
 
 Just got the road like 15 min ago
 
 Lol. Ok mwah love you. Off to drive . took one of the only 2 pokegyms in this town lmao
 
 Yeah 726 and sophia is Hungry thirsty blah blah
 
 Mwah love you.  Its 826 here so.. 726 there?
 
 Alright.. Breaks over.  Tylonel taken lol
 
 yeah
 
 Once it's pitch black its rough
 
 well that'll be nice
 
 Probably gonna make it toomidnight ish (4+ hrs)
 
 oh down to 12 hours
 
 
 
 Exactly :p
 
 no
 
 :p. Would you rather red lobster? Lol
 
 I'm not sure that's food
 
 Dinner lol
 
 
 
 lol you can you'll be fine
 
 Rofl
 
 
 
 lol
 
 Grargh
 
 14.5 my bad
 
 yes driving is painful
 
 I hurt..... Screw driving... 9.5 hours left
 
 
 
 
 
 :p
 
 ture
 
 I'm at a trick stop... Think of the options....
 
 lol
 
 6in spicy Italian on flatbread ... Attempt to be healthier...
 
 I hurt
 
 not horrible
 
 First gas stop at 1/4 tank..  Las cruces ...
 
 Truth or consequenc
 
 Just hit new Mexico
 
 Awesome
 
 
 
 Thoughts
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 nope still think it's stupid waste of time
 
 I know and it makes me squishy lol supportive loving wifey for pokemon go lol
 
 hey I was being helpful
 
 Mwah
 
 I know all these lol.. And the nearby is actually broken currently lol
 
 well if your gonna be stupid might as well be informed and stupid
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 I'll sleep with the lights on for a month
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lmao
 
 http://www.zerohedge.com/news
 
 Uh ohh... Lmao
 
 
 
 Got ur pokemon lol
 
 
 
 
 
 Ty lol
 
 here you go use for your retardation
 
 
 
 
 
 Not brutality. This is dumbass kid
 
 Va not damns
 
 Kk waiting on 1cheese 2 double pep and a works
 
 Lets pray for the damn 's mone y also
 
 I'm gg I'll ttyl
 
 Oye....  That's an argument
 
 well send the tablet lol
 
 I've only gone straight through with the kids when they were like 2 and 4
 
 And we can pack food para mi en un cooler
 
 you want hotels get rich
 
 car rental and gS bitch.
 
 fuck no
 
 Car rental total of 3 hotel nights (1 there 2 back)
 
 she got 1500 from rob. we can't have all of it but Aly least enough to help
 
 How da hell your momma getting1k or more?
 
 I was banking on va next class session payment for summer session 2
 
 I prepare while you ignore
 
 Oye
 
 ?
 
 it's already been dealt with
 
 mom
 
 We a broke and I'm supposed to leave in like a week and a half....
 
 yep
 
 if you bring pizza you have to pizza kids
 
 More headache
 
 
 
 I'm just headach
 
 Wanna pizza? I think I'm just gonna get papa johns from the food court and come home and do homework when babies go to bed since youbdont seem to like the joke :/
 
 
 
 No.  I dont have 10
 
000 cocks....  It was a joke
 
 ah so your going to go have sexy time. welp wear a condom and go get still test
 
 :p
 
 Lmao
 
 And obviously have sex with every coed girl on campus at once with my 10'000 cocks rofl
 
 Okay
 
 Kk gonna eat and dio final game design class homework
 
 so how much left for you doing
 
 
 
 that's like her happy face she says
 
 Creepy happy lmao
 
 
 
 she thinks you look really really mad
 
 she shakes when she does it with strain.
 
 
 
 
 
 Hehe
 
 
 
 sophia is practicing angry face
 
 Ando=ing.  Ado=ed
 
 
 
 You can basically decipher that lol
 
 Necesitado*
 
 Hehe
 
 No practicando Espanol necesitar
 
 I knew the first two just not happy
 
 Estoy is I am.   Muy. Very.   Alegre happy
 
 ah
 
 I am very happy
 
 your nuts you know my vocabulary is not extensive
 
 Estoy muy alegre
 
 el fin
 
 El fin
 
 Espanol es liste
 
 
 
 So ill end up with a high 70s or low 80 s overall
 
 better then bad
 
 that's nice
 
 High 80 s on narrative
 
 Thinking high 70s low 80s on final
 
 you're special
 
 hahahaha
 
 Got perfect on the flashcards. And I'm now the example she will show next semester lmao
 
 ?
 
 Oye vey
 
 Hahaha
 
 I am not dark kate Perry bitch.
 
 See why I ask :p
 
 yes soda is always good
 
 fuck no
 
 Soda?
 
 Bubblegum goth lmao
 
 I could do mild goth
 
 but I'm a grown up now.
 
 seriously though I never gothed as a child because my mom
 
 Lmao
 
 I think so. I'm watching YouTube and thinking about how much effort it would take to be goth because I like the music and the fun
 
 Is that all
 
 K wipes smokes draino and caffeine
 
 yes
 
 So yes?
 
 for tommoworow
 
 Caffiene?
 
 wipes smokes draino
 
 What's else?
 
 Kk ill message you when I leave remind me if I don't ask if you need anything else
 
 gonna need wipes. Kids in bed but yeah wipes and smokes and caffiene
 
 unless you want to get in morning
 
 Kk then ill magic and finish homework after .  no class friday
 
 I don't fucking know. they are evil but dinner is almost ready I'm going to feed the Satan's and bed them
 
 So.. Assuming home instead of magic? Preference? Cuz I'm going Friday...
 
 kk
 
 Finished the composition and quiz.  Still need the flashcards and narrative
 
 Think of anything else?
 
 Next class starts Monday
 
 Have to type cultural flashcards and composition tonight for Spanish
 
 Last game done. Now just discussion post things for the rest of the week in game design
 
 ok
 
 Im about halfway to the car.
 
 I don't know
 
 Anything else?
 
 okay
 
 K getting ready to leave. Just finished making the game
 
 soda and diap3rs. I forgot to tell him to get either
 
 Yup... Sounds like grandpa...
 
 
 
 yes but okay ND needs a surgery to fix a bone is still okay better then not okay
 
 One of the times he was ok. He had to get 2 shoulder surgeries
 
 Waiting for more details.  Because she said he's ok.  But that is a little ambiguous from them generally...
 
 I'm glad he's okay.
 
 Rearended
 
 Grandpa got in a wreck on the highway in front of their house. GMA says he's fine but the Toyota is totalled
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 How so? Puzzle minded?
 
 cheater
 
 
 
 Almost.....
 
 Crosswalk
 
 why would you walk into that much water
 
 Flip flops drybeasier lol
 
 Shoes wouldn't have mattered lol
 
 I'm soaked to the knee
 
 We'll prolly move it up a floor lol
 
 welp I think class maybe an issue today
 
 And... My classroom is flooded
 
 Hmm... Speedway crosswalk it is then... Lol
 
 
 
 I gave Mikey my umbrella
 
 Mwah heading to class...  Hoping for a parting of the red sea rofl
 
 Yeah there's a flood warning too
 
 And.... I'm in flip flops lmao
 
 
 
 kk have fun
 
 Just made it to the parking garage at school
 
 Wow..  We had two separate sets of sirens at go by the aoffee shop
 
 another wrec k since it started.
 
 The bone up side
 
 lol
 
 Got coffee though
 
 welp that's gonna make school hard
 
 Positive... Got rained out right before alvernon
 
 eh whatever same dif
 
 EBay more likely
 
 01 over 10 years. Most of your yards don't carry that far back
 
 We can try. Lol not sure how much good finding a jag will be lol
 
 Lol
 
 junk yard time lol
 
 Ya.
 
 yep. secondary wiper would help that
 
 The rain isn't the problem. The one wiper keeps up with it. Its the trucks flooding me
 
 Yeah thought you would
 
 Ya... So....  Torrential downpour = pull over. I now agree with mikey
 
 
 
 she didn't sleep last night. her and Captain kept rotating through our bedroom
 
 Lol. After staying up till 3am
 
 she's napping
 
 she passed out before dinner
 
 Well damn...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ok
 
 Power point done.  Still have a quiz and game review tonight but in heading home so I can be there for a bit before bedtime
 
 One homework done. Now to make a PowerPoint presentation for a 5-7 minute oral in Spanish ov er Puerto Rican coffee
 
 Definately cool
 
 but cool
 
 Um... Cool and driving intelligence will decrease lol
 
 
 
 Heading to magic. Then homework when I get home
 
 Si
 
 So
 
 we need to pay tep 200
 
 That balance before lunch came out lmao
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I bet you share this..
 
 Should be sprayed the mom tooo
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 you have fun I don't want to hang out with 20 year old motor heada
 
 
 
 Thoughts?
 
 And to fucking hot
 
 I don't likenpeiple driving the van right now anywho because of tags
 
 yes
 
 yes but I don't want to drive no ac across town
 
 So I can go poof into bedroom or office?
 
 Mikey home by 430 usually?
 
 Kk
 
 no more after today.
 
 this is the last one
 
 Hrrrargh... Now this is interfering with my schooling ...  I don't like chicky currently
 
 yeah
 
 Rene... Fuck
 
 you need home by 430 again
 
 Have a journal makeup after class then doing the game design homework . let me k ow if you need anything k?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 seriously......best yard sale ever .   .  .    I got nothing
 
 
 
 hello doctor fishy
 
 
 
 K I will
 
 no figured you'd text him
 
 Did u tell Mikey to pull 200 out on the way home?
 
 if possible
 
 Oye
 
 Eye?
 
 need home by 415ish please. fucking swim lesson rene
 
 Idk. Still in class
 
 estimated home time?
 
 is there anyway you can do the store run for me before magic? it's 110 outside and I don't want Michael to have to be in the car longer then necessary with no ac he's going to already be dehydrated when he gets home
 
 Pain in butts
 
 no extra no listen today big Kids have been sent to rooms twice each
 
 twins shit in hallways
 
 color on everything destroy flood death stab mommie
 
 Kids always evik
 
 today no good kids evil
 
 Ouchies
 
 I have been stabbed a half an inch into my foot with a kabob stick. . . it hurts and unpleasant. also I'm out of caffiene. today is no goodness.
 
 
 
 Allen Phillip Johnson called Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda.
 
 Kk
 
 vodka
 
 Because I knew they had wall outlets
 
 Sry. Im at showtime
 
 by the way you still never informed me whoch agic you were going to
 
 mofo demon spawn asswipes little butts
 
 K. Mwah class starting
 
 aiden
 
 sorry baby
 
 Allen Phillip Johnson missed a call from Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda.
 
 Allen Phillip Johnson called Nikkole Xandrea Sepulveda.
 
 Tengo que is you have to do something as in requirement. Go Tengo is I leave/am going
 
 eh I'll justshow you when you get home I have language app but I'm still only fourth lesson Spanish and it's more basic conversational then anything else
 
 Google your phone. Thatsbthe standard now. Maybe yours is weird
 
 nope
 
 Down vol. And power at same time
 
 I don't know how to screen shot on this
 
 
 
 dude I'm still...
 
 As in a requirement lol
 
 I have to get gas
 
 your getting gas?
 
 Tengo que petrol
 
 You are the awares
 
 I'm making sure so I can pull this convo later when yelled at haha
 
 eh
 
 Si?
 
 kk
 
 Yo voy amazing discoveries
 
 We nerds lol
 
 eh close enough I read better then write
 
 Nostamos nerds
 
 nostromas unes nerd? fuck it
 
 Si si yo es nerd
 
 have fun being nerd
 
 Mwah
 
 If they don't eat all then yes please
 
 we willsee.
 
 Salmon is yum but kid s will eat all
 
 should I save for you
 
 I'm making salmon and taters and broccoli for the dinner
 
 And I really want two strip streaks with cheese and bacon in between
 
 sorry that joke popped in head
 
 lol
 
 for the eating when not home \nyeah....more like shapes
 
 I am shape :p
 
 we need to get you snacks
 
 lol I shall be shaped and you shall be still unshaped.
 
 
 
 I'm trying
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 you got out of class s3ven hours ago you said homework but mother fucker you don't do seven hoursstraight. where the fuck are you and why is your phone dead with two fucking chargers
 
 hey you alive?
 
 omg did you call him
 
 I tried going to Safeway
 
 I'm not there.
 
 mikey looking for you
 
 whrre are you
 
 Send Mikey you stole my card
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 
 
 Pile on the blue bucker
 
 Looking for fucking clothes
 
 CAFFIENE
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk class starting.  A whopping 7 on the roster. 5 here joy.....
 
 And more va came in today.  From mid may to June 1st.  Bah
 
 Love you toooo
 
 I don't care
 
 Ill skip tonight :) mwah
 
 Would you prefer me to not go today?
 
 I don't care. Literally don't fucking care. I can't win. I literally cannot win. Do what you want.
 
 The normal ones are wed and fri
 
 I have an event this Saturday and the 25th
 
 I just saw this one today. And this Saturday is an event. So not an every week thing
 
 Why in fuck do you have magic four fucking days a week. That's ridiculous and impractical
 
 I have magic this wed Fri and Saturday. So no to today isn't a big deal.
 
 Yes no?
 
 I would be home after Spanish (gets out at 230) so id be home for like an hour and a half to store smokes etc..
 
 Its draft. Starts at 5.  Early week normally less people so likely home by 730-8 (depending on # of people)
 
 If I tell you to skip magic you'll tell me it's my fault I told you to stick with one hobby.  If I tell you it doesn't matter
 
 you'll either think I'm lying and ignore me or make it as fast as possible
 
  or you'll decide your stressed and I said it was fine so you'll make it go over. What I say doesn't matter.
 
 So.. Would you like me too skip magic today?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Nope
 
 Still? Thought that ended yeaterday
 
 I'm slowly dying while trying to keep kids from being gymnasts
 
 
 
 Watching the intro voicethread thingy for my ista course while waiting for Spanish lol
 
 Nice
 
 Upside it's almost quiet
 
 They are evil. Evil little bastards.
 
 Our idiots and we love them.. But occasionally we wanna smackem lol
 
 Gone
 
 now just my idiots left
 
 Silas*
 
 And alias no sleep cuz I'm not there lol
 
 
 
 Cuz there's a magic draft tonight starts at 5 at amazing discovery
 
 No that's his name
 
 Oh.. Silas...  Haha thought that was you attempting Spanish rofl
 
 He should be gone by then
 
 Lol
 
 Ok. Ill come home right after Spanish and I won't do magic tonight
 
 Won't sleep little shit
 
 No bueno
 
 Si
 
 Diablo ni\xf1os?
 
 Demon silas
 
 :p mwah
 
 Well duh haha
 
 
 
 :p
 
 I say wat a burger
 
 Why do we call it wat er burger when it's whataburger
 
 I want whataburger commercials are evil
 
 :p
 
 Kk I doubt he will but we should get food for all the 5
 
 Ill grab something on way home. Lemme k ow if Mikey goes before I get home.
 
 Omg whataburger commercial. I'm so hungry
 
 Lol mwah
 
 I don't fucking know
 
 Campaign or normal game?
 
 He's busy
 
 Tell him I'll bring him home a magic pack lol
 
 He's videoing. I need to word think
 
 Make Mikey  get lol
 
 I'm hungry I need to find food or make mikey get it or somethint
 
 So male it through Spanish with a C again and keep a 3.0 for the summer so far
 
 Probably got an A in math guessing a B in theory of new media
 
 Yup. 2.5 hr a day mon-fri will likely stick better than 50 in a day mon-your lol
 
 You signed up for it
 
 2.5 hours of Spanish a day starting tomorrow. And my online game design course starts tomorrow as well ...
 
 Packing up now
 
 I got a 529 on the final. I "qualified for" college algebra Roflmao:'( imma shoot someone
 
 Sounds fun. You headed home?
 
 Spanish starts tomorrow lmao argh
 
 
 
 
 
 If you haven't seen it yet... I just made your day
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 The hero of Canton the man they call jayne
 
 Jayne!!!!!
 
 
 
 
 
 kk
 
 No. These aren't ours
 
 that might be the campling clothes we never brought in
 
 And two grocery bags boys clothes
 
 Grow up.
 
 lol
 
 and I am poor baby   sex make better ;)
 
 ?
 
 Someone ditched boy clothes on our porch
 
 Poor baby
 
 got a fucking 531 (7 points shy of not having to take the final) boooo
 
 Sexxxy. Wommman.    Sexxxyx. ;)  mwah mwah mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Is bank holiday. So u of a stupid
 
 
 
 If it's a bank holiday everything closes.
 
 ;p :p :p ;p
 
 Schools
 
 So do banks
 
 Library's close on holidays.
 
 Holiday...  Library not supposed to be closed...
 
 Is too. Morons scheduled a test for a holiday
 
 Not funny :p
 
 Lol
 
 Fuckers.. Made me reschedule because the library was closed so I didn't have an enclosed room.. Assholes..  Tomorrow at 10
 
 
 
 You can do it lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have dinner cooking figure well eat
 
 you can take the two to mcds or wherever for dessert. Then we will have family movie night
 
 
 
 Jealous and disturbed
 
 I'm working on my other homework for ESOC
 
 mwah
 
 Maybe
 
 my head hurts but I figure that's just from the stomach. I'm soooooo hungry but eating is a no no no no NOOOO
 
 hmm... maybe you got what was making me dizzy and it hit you differently
 
 then its not food poisoning
 
 I tried to eat my TV dinner sandwhich this morning and I was a little queezy but okay and then I took a third bite and I wasn't okay
 
 I had pizza
 
 some blueberries
 
 a bite of chocolate
 

 
 After the third episode  of becoming a fire hydrant I gave up moving mych.
 
 I'm fine
 
 you only ate the pizza?  like 2 pieces.. what else did you have?
 
 Mats picking up the kids for me.
 
 Nit hungover sick
 
 but projectile vomit can't keep anything down. Like Food poisoning sick.
 
 ?
 
 I'm sick.
 
 Yeah thay is a bit stupid.
 
 Already ranted to them stating that since it was not mentioned as an all or nothing assignment it is unfair
 
 if they dont want to give me alek goals like they do mon-fri  fuck them. I'm not going to aimlessly be on the program for 2 hours to appease them with no option for partial credit.
 
 I'm officially done with weekend homework
 
 FUCKERS
 
 so... weeked homework for MATH100  is literally all or nothing. so having 1hr 34min instead of 2 hours means I get a 0%
 
 ?
 
 fuckers......
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mwah
 
 Okay
 
 Km packing up now. I can do the esoc stuff after kids go too bed. 
 
 
 
 Yep go do your fucking homework
 
 
 
 If you would just see your kids and their relationship with you as an actual job you are required to do you might be better at it. Js
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 But nope
 
 your crazy bored
 
 you aren't avoidant and you really really need two majors and two more minors so your home even less with your kids. Genius plan go with it
 
 Your not abnormal. Your an avoidant narsocist with sexual control issues and an inability to empathisize. Your current avoidance and coping method happen to be music
 
 keeping busy and adding to your large list of mental issues with made up and manufactured shit instead of just accepting your musical issues and weird focus as a common result of autism.
 
 And kinda wanna find a Neuro student and have their thesis be on musical effects on the brain of an abnormal subject ie..me
 
 Like pounds of it
 
 Lots of fucking therapy
 
 You know what you need to add instead of a double major in usleness? Therapy
 
 Because you have fucking problems
 
 And you need to add shit because you don't think that counts as doing anything
 
 Or double master... 
 
 Because you've actually been home and been part of the family....?
 
 And for some reason I want to switch esociety from a minor to a major and add two more minors....  My head is being super fucking twitchy today...
 
 I need to attempt at some point to find a different method as I can't walk with super fast songs on ear buds the rest of my life lol
 
 Weirdo
 
 Lol
 
 Kinda wanna get stoned tonight. See if it slows my head down...
 
 Lol
 
 It's that biodegradable polymer shit they use to stop erosion and other such shit.
 
 And will likely help with fertilizer lol
 
 Guy won't do what they told him to so they found another way
 
 Lmao. Well.. That's one way to do it.. I guess...  
 
 To stop the stupid man's dust
 
 They're dumping 45000 gallons of gorilla snot on the guys land.
 
 Needs pastromi
 
 :p
 
 Mozerella stick garlic bread sandwhich. Perfect for you fatty
 
 Cheese
 
 
 
 Si si
 
 Stupid heada
 
 Yup
 
 Point still stands that it's only two steps so why so fucked up many step
 
 Mwah
 
 Lol
 
 Whatever you try mating on a phone while sophas asking for a bagel and sonya shoving a baba in your fcae
 
 Add 12
 
 Um... Nikki do again
 
 It's 6x=24 then divide. It's a two fucking step process what is fhis crap?
 
 That's not how you math
 
 Add 12 divide by 6.  dONE
 
 No.. Bad bad. Not how you solve that you idiots. No factoring needed. Never. Morons
 
 Idk I vote cans lol. Their arms will hurt to much to fight rofl
 
 Seri I sly though the look on the bus drivers face was like... what in the fuck
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 No I have to get on the bus first!!!!
 
 
 
 Fucking idiots
 
 Looks like they get cans tomorrow ... Sucks to be them
 
 Kk..   Wow...   
 
 So she's warned bad morning
 
 S9 I emailed egan
 
 They didn't even make it on the bus without a fight. First rene wanted him far away. I made him move close so I could see him
 
 then she yelled
 
 then they were slapping each other. I separated them the bus came and they both rushed it and started pushing. Rene got on first so Adam sat and pouted on the lawn for a minute before getting on the bus. And me and the bus driver are looking at each 9ther like fuck if I can explain why they fucking care about whose on first
 
 By completing problems in the pie chart in the areas you didn't test out of it raises the score
 
 The math proficiency thing.
 
 Huh
 
 Went from 288/600 to like 305/600 . aiming for 500/600 tonight lmao
 
 I think the fevers because sleepy sleepy. I think she's just exhausted to sick
 
 Just finished what I can do here. Heading to car
 
 That explains the sleepy sleepy
 
 Saundra got a fever. No school for her tomorrow
 
 Buy for  me the pretty
 
 
 
 
 
 Going to get you smokes. Assume you'll need some tomorrow
 
 Fuck you go to hell
 
 Since you won't let me say anything .. I was going to say as you were getting up to storm inside I found a comparison that I can use. Me and onions.  Or cooked celery if I didn't know it was there. Its not perfect but it is a base that I can use to show how something not the original event can provoke a similar response. Aka flashback
 
 Nope
 
 3..
 
 No
 
 2.
 
 No
 
 1.
 
 Nooooo
 
 They will bang on the door and be badn3ss
 
 Nooow
 
 Twins sleeps
 
 They tv
 
 Me no care.
 
 Can't kids
 
 U here now
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 Penis
 
 Vaginas needs penis
 
 Perfectly natural haha
 
 Exactly lol
 
 Yeah right little cocaine some meth and maybe an iv of caffiene
 
 Lol seeeeex 
 
 Little cocaine.  Ill be fine with that schedule rofl
 
 We need to have sex tonight. I'm ovulating and I feel like my vaginas is trying to eat things 
 
 Figured I'd ask
 
 Kk
 
 No. You'd go nuts again
 
 Is it worth it to apply?  I'm only mildly qualified
 
 And complete exhaustion 
 
 3200 a month lol before taxes
 
 92hr straight weekly lmao
 
 You'd never sleep again
 
 If I really felt like killing myself lol
 
 
 
 Asshats stop changing shit
 
 Yeah you have to either wall to the front or wait for the first load of kids to come out
 
 The playground gate is locked... Wth
 
 Grargh... Fuckers
 
 Well go talk to them tomorrow
 
 I have over 100$ worth of supplies I have to have before monday
 
 Starting like 2.5 weeks after classes start
 
 Biweekly money?
 
 Summer aid will be awarded....
 
 I know what I'm doing tomorrow... Assists.   Read the third bullet
 
 ?
 
 Bullshit
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 It's friday....no.
 
 Mwah love you. Bed soonish pwease
 
 https://www.zocdoc.com/answers/2591/what-could-cause-chills-but-no-fever
 
 Try kris or fb idk. Ttyl got to kid good luck tests love you
 
 Kk
 
 Got a hold of cheri. He's working tonight
 
 F this lol
 
 
 
 Love you too
 
 Kk mwah phone almost dead.  Love you
 
 Yes
 
 Kk. This one's from address book right? Lol
 
 Yeah stupid I know
 
 And it's mat not matt
 
 I mixed up 7 and 5 sorry
 
 5203704775
 
 That's the one I have let me double
 
 U gave me wrong number...
 
 
 
 Love you too. Good not bad babe
 
 80.5 ish % overall final grade in html css
 
 Ty. Mwah love you
 
 Good luck
 
 K
 
 your next one is in like a half an hour right then when your done you come here in like 2 ish hours.......dont forget smokes. seriously it will cause badness
 
 that or put shit out on fb or call tara? or um.....yeah I got nothing.
 
 mat 3704755
 
 Yeah hes terrified of the van. Well who is there? Mat? I guess but I think he might be working I dont know.
 
 I don't think his car will make it. He's scared on the van 
 
 shes already going to bed with sadness. You could always ask Kris lol
 
 I know lol
 
 I highly doubt it is on her list of shit to do today
 
 i messaged her we shall shee what she says
 
 But i no have number or fb
 
 Wind is painful
 
 I hurt too much lol
 
 Dont have her number and i wouldn't make any jokes 
 
 Let alone drive across town
 
 You can ask her but I don't think she's gonna be in a good mood to be alone in a car with you
 
 Wonder if renee can drive me down there? Shed have to be at the house waiting for me around 735-8
 
 Yeah that your fucked in
 
 I'd rather not though it's too easy to fall behind 
 
 Hmm.. Now how to get the car home tonight if i buy it lmao
 
 Yeah 
 
 We could slowroll tge mortgage and just stay a month behind till fall loans
 
 She did
 
 Yes
 
 so you will get 400o in loans for the summer
 
 then add in the 1200 and its gonna cost us about 3200 to catch up on the morgage so that would lave us approx 2000 still in order to pay for you to go up and back
 
 Ur mom go with mikey?
 
 Ouuuch.. Wind hurts..
 
 I like little amount you dont miss till your broke haha
 
 Me either lol
 
 I don't like large amounts
 
 364
 
 And nissan had what... Like 5k put into it? Lol
 
 Message me your card back three
 
 Yeah yeah. Okay okay. 
 
 U need food. U no car..  And we wouldn't be spending a lot less on a car we dont have to worry about.  At this point the black cars are damb near flukes on how long they lastest lol
 
 I could but I feel bad about it when we are spending so much right now already
 
 Food order.. Just you pizza?
 
 I'm hungry
 
 Bleh....  Super fucking cold.... Bleeeh.... Damn cold flashes
 
 I'm not hungry but I'm hungry and it all looks yucky 
 
 And I ain't eaten all the day
 
 I'm also jangly and ceankified. The boys and mikey left. You might want to call them tonight
 
 And the throttle body used is between 100-200 and o2 sensors isnt bad. 
 
 Kk
 
 I looked up average commin provlems with that make model and year. And the o2 sensor and theottle body are the only ones people talk about
 
 Bring smokes when you get the cash. I'm gonna have to drink and smoke myself under the table at the thought of spending that much on a fucking car that's gonna cost much Dinero everytime it breaks
 
 711 in bank. So i can pull 300. Good thing i got him down to 2100 lol
 
 I can pull 300 out of the bank account i think
 
 so unless you have another 300 bucks we can spend and not miss
 
 based on waiting that long to spent it
 
 we only have 1820 at the moment. I forgot its only may. theres another 800 coing in before august but thats how I did the math the first time.
 
 
 
 
 
 Umm....
 
 
 
 Haha
 
 
 
 
 
 Their fucking fault the didn't swim a penguin
 
 Cutie \U0001f427
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 only one more due  by midnight..  and it takes like 45min to and hour to do .. so might as well do at home..
 
 But homework
 
 It is 
 
 lol youre the one that says me home at bed time is a good fatherly thing and stuff and stuff
 
 If that's what you want. They are finally shit up so I'm good now
 
 I'm coming home... I'll do the flashcards after they go to bed. that way I'm at least home for bedrime..
 
 Yay for you. The kids have their egg drop stuff packed up by the door
 
 kids fed
 
 house was cleab....was. down stairs Watchung movie barely now
 
 and thats without winter session hahah
 
 hahahah
 
 I jsut thought aobut it. lol.... if all goes well I will have completed 64 credits in a year LMAO
 
 Life
 
 I finish one and two more pop up
 
 haha the list never ends
 
 now I have to do the cutlural flashcards by midnight
 
 start on the 120 homeowrk due sunday
 
 work on the HTML project due sunday.... get the data converted and analyzed for my capstone
 
 Coolio
 
 powerpoint
 
 basic script done
 
 Spanish quiz done.
 
 Haha
 
 had to have been oncall. brought in a like 4 yr old 5 yr old
 
 and he was working on one of the desktops. and they were sitting looking bored so I gave them a sheet of paper each and highlighters and a pen and pencil and he turned around to see them sitting quietly coloring and was soooo confused. LMAO
 
 Just scared the crap out of one of the Vet dads. lol
 
 mwah love you
 
 Kk go homework bye
 
 I was informing you dinner
 
 kk
 
 No
 
 Just plugged in computer
 
 it died...  last thing I got was chicken enchiladas....  did you send aything else?
 
 Chicken enchiladas 
 
 account has like 6$ or something after this morning
 
 Poop head
 
 no monies.
 
 Go do homework poop head
 
 For tomorrow ness 
 
 Eating kids food ed so.. eh. Bring home cereal and smokes
 
 VC open till like 8
 
  No clue
 
 what time do you need me home?
 
 ok gonna go up to the vet center and plug in. just wanted to be closer to the car if you needed me home
 
 Fun fun
 
 two semesters..... 5 overrides needed rofl. (and thats if I dont wanna go to 23 units
 
 if I do I need an additional one) LMAO
 
 Kk 
 
 and I'm 95% done with fall session
 
 just need one more override. lol
 
 kk gonna try and finish the powerpoint for spanish
 
 and get a basic script written so hopefully my esoc teacher can proofread
 
 You can go work. 
 
 Kids eating
 
 or I can go to the vet center and work for a bit
 
 did you need me home now. just got done with class.
 
 so might not be today.
 
 No xlue
 
 didn't see from when though
 
 your mother tried to call me? saw a missed call then phone died
 
 What up
 
 You online? Phone dead
 
 computer almost dead.
 
 butt face its your homework not mine
 
 Mwah thank you :) live you
 
 There 
 
 ugh
 
 if you get a second please try to get a pic of the two dogs?  I only have captain on facebook that I can see
 
 I left the pain killers on the bookshelf
 
 I have a headache and they are watching bubble guppies
 
 tdid you get my drink pic? lol that is how I'm going to start my day so I can try to get all of this done
 
 goodie :D :P Mwah
 
 theres indiciduals of each kid in the mobile uploads album
 
 pick some
 
 seriously there are five billion pics of the kids on here
 
 :P
 
 \\no
 
 seriously
 
 I DONT HAVE FUCKING INDIVIDUALS OF ALL THE KIDS AND NO i am not fucking cleaning them up
 
 cleaning the fucking wall and trying to get their asses to stand still
 
 :P
 
 lil ms all CAPS
 
 thats why I asked if you could TAKE one for me. lol
 
 You have an individual picture of each of the little three? like the aiden standing against a wall pic?
 
 ALL
 
 all my pics are on here
 
 thats what I already said
 
 YOU MORON
 
 i DONT HAVE THAT EXCEPT ON HERE
 
 clothes
 
 colors
 
 etc.. lol
 
 I can get them from here. I just meant the little three
 
 individual pictures of them standing or posing. so I have something to talk about.
 
 WHATS YOUR STUPID EMAIL ;AND ILL SEND THEM FROM FB
 
 
 
 
 
 Lmao
 
 Haha
 
 
 
 Ts?
 
 I saw yesterday. I always thought she was older then that
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Yes grargh 
 
 Grargh bbys
 
 Cleaning potatoes crisp off floor. Babies eaten smashed pringles
 
 Ditto
 
 Much tired I am
 
 Mis hablas espanol es asi asi
 
 Habra espanol my picito mal
 
 Corecto
 
 No more babies
 
 Si si
 
 Children demons
 
 Kk mwah
 
 love you too
 
 ttyl
 
 gotta go finish the cleaning and the beating of the children of doom
 
 Mwah love you
 
 
 
 Was ina backpack had to take out. Thats whybit took a sec
 
 364
 
 babe need last four on back of card
 
 Ttyl mwah
 
 Kk spanish start now. Mwah love you.\n\nProb me kids appt school then me school
 
 Ill just talk to you at home
 
 no
 
 I dont want to not have food
 
 Call after Spanish
 
 ill still have to shop first thing so I know I get it done
 
 so that gives me time sort of
 
 Okay moms gonna ick up the kids from bloom
 
 and then I wont have to drive to the school three times in one day
 
 theoretically. why cant you just do appt? then I can shop then with the three
 
 and then you can just ditch the boys on way home
 
 tomorrow do shop either firsgt thing or something else
 
 appt
 
 school
 
 pick up
 
 cook
 
 mikey home go michelles.
 
 my plan right now is pick up kids order pizza
 
 because fuck it
 
 wait for mikey to get home
 
 run to the store and pick up the immediate shit we need.
 
 we dont have enough guts to put in it
 
 but that doesnt change I need to SHOP SHOP tomorrow
 
 Umm... Stew lmao
 
 I havwe to go to store anyway tonight
 
 I still have to go to store tonight
 
 for bread
 
 milk
 
 soda
 
 smokes
 
 caffiene shit and something more for dinner unless you can figure out how to feed ten people on 5 drumsticks
 
 i might not take billy into school at all since its going to be like 10 before we get back across town since his appt is 8:30 and that would be pain
 
 Tonight
 
 Then i vote i get bread milk and lunch morrow stuff?
 
 So ill get that done
 
 im going to see if someone else can pick the kids up tomorrow so that I have a little more time
 
 either one is going to be a pain in the ass. but we need food
 
 we are out of shit and if I dont go shopping first thing tomorrow even if I get milk and bread tonight we will still be fucking hungry all day
 
 I need to do the shopping and if I am doing the appts then the most efficient time for me to do it is either 5 am when the store opens or 5 pm when one of you is home
 
 no
 
 you dont know what we need and you get weird shit if left to your own devices
 
 I guess I could just pull money from the box and break a hundred but that seems excessive
 
 Want me go store with babies?
 
 and that really doesnt make the fact that I need to pick shit up any easier since I dont have the card id have to take kids to bank then to store
 
 so far the plan for tomorrow since you dont want to do the appts is get up at five
 
 go to grocery store
 
 come home
 
 pack up 3 kids
 
 drop saundra off at school
 
 take boys to appt
 
 drop boys off at school wait two hours
 
 pick up saundra and billy
 
 make dinner
 
 go to michelles to say high to gene and laurie
 
 Theres like 280 in my account
 
 So I think im going to put off michellse till tomorrow.
 
 I want to order pizza for dinner because I have to go to michelles and I need to pick up bread and shit but I dont want to because money but everythings money and I am fucking hungry and we dont have enough defrosted meat for everyone until tomorrow
 
 Yes 12 whatever tomorrow 5 am
 
 That's why I was thinking you should go to appt. Then your in control of leaving and such
 
 5am tomorrow all of april?
 
 I can stay with the little three. Just have to be at school by 12
 
 Mikey can take the bus
 
 you stay her with the little three
 
 I can take the boys to appt
 
 drop them off at school and then come back here to pick up the three to get the groceries and then get the kids
 
 tomorrow morning mikey is gonna have to take the bus and you can either drop of the kids
 
 take adam and billy to appt and then drop them off at school and go to school or
 
 woot woot
 
 5 am tomorrow
 
 Anything?
 
 omg shes back yay
 
 back on hold.....she has all the info
 
 saw all the info
 
 GL
 
 Im actuallly talking with the specialist so lets hope this shit goes through
 
 fingers crossed
 
 finally got through to someone.
 
 Ouch...
 
 Ive been on hold with des for an hour and a lafl its driving me crazy
 
 Stop liking bitches ugly ass selfies. It pops up on my feed when they are not privacied like a mofo 
 
 Meatball sub he decided and an everything egee. I want a regular grinder. Pop pop pop pop and pop
 
 Mikey wants veggie grinder or meatball sub
 
 That's fine
 
 Right by smokes..
 
 What food?  Eegees?
 
 We will talk classes Sumner stuff when home but would be good because $$$
 
 Adult food. Kids fine
 
 Adult food? Or all food
 
 Smokes soda food please
 
 Kk
 
 Yes because it shut my phone off for a minute but then it didn't but I had pulled it up and mikey was home so we was like pay it
 
 We paid tmobile? Just got the text
 
 Bring food and smokes and soda.\nI seriously spent an hour explaining we couldn't do store because I don't have money card. Or cash. Okay
 
 Im officially doing a full summer session
 
 It's like fuck of fuckness
 
 K.  Wow..
 
 Everyone's overtired.
 
 Rene called saundra a cubt
 
 Currently arguing over a vhair. There is oatmeal everywhere and naippolish
 
 Not listening at all
 
 Whathave they been doing?
 
 Ouch.. Just got out of class
 
 I don't know if the children will survive until you return home
 
 
 
 
 
 Holyshit wtf
 
 Middleschool teacher...
 
 Wow...
 
 It takes like 3 or 4 of my certs to equal one month of coverage lol. So thats good. 
 
 Kk
 
 No kids tired day long house dirty don't care
 
 U ok?
 
 Fine 
 
 Thoughts? If i take full time in the summer (9units)  and get a bunch of certs?
 
 Va reimburses cert tests up to 2k per test. And that amountbis calculated and deducted from my months of coverage
 
 
 
 
 
 sure thats why you cant help
 
 cant keep it in your pants and stay as far away from me as possible unless you think your gonna get ass. stupid birthday sucks
 
 Im old
 
 tired and fucking hangry. fuck this
 
 No lies
 
 lies
 
 Love you
 
 whatever
 
 No fun...
 
 have fun
 
 Ill go adult and not eat.
 
 you go do stupid "learning" things
 
 pointless advice
 
 we dont have the money fucktard and then I have to deal with screaming kids anyway
 
 blah blah blah blah espanol \x08blah blah blah
 
 Order pizza for you :)
 
 today sucks
 
 Walking late to Spanish
 
 its my birthday and I get stuck with six kids
 
 household cleaning and hunger.
 
 i dont like you
 
 stupid man
 
 fine tghen
 
 im hungry
 
 seriously thoough
 
 seymore feed me seymore
 
 I not telling t then lol
 
 wells fargo is weird
 
 I need to find food
 
 But wf shows paid lol
 
 lol
 
 an extra grand would be nice
 
 so sadness
 
 No withdraw
 
 however 4 of them have wished me happy birthday so thats something I guess
 
 
 
 stupid des
 
 Also I have now been cycled 6 times
 
 Im hungry. The only food we have in the house is a back of fishsticks in the freezer and some nuts
 
 I just checked and saw that
 
 No
 
 Does the bank show the withdrawl?
 
 Lol
 
 Bank error in our favor?   Monopoly much? Lol
 
 Confuuused
 
 Just checked wells fargo.... Says the 1k i paid on the 9th. Went through?
 
 Ummm.  \n
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 Try again later I guess
 
 Can't get theough. Been cycled 4 times. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Yup yup yup
 
 Nuh uh
 
 You said spank u lol
 
 Weirdo
 
 
 
 Snuggle?
 
 I'm blech
 
 Blech
 
 
 
 
 
 Hehehehe.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The joys of the interwebs...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hehe ill spank you ;)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lmao
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 :p
 
 Too loud music hear over
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 desath
 
 ? My 
 
 an your temper tantrums no helpfulness
 
 Odd
 
 so they go
 
 sohpha is shel shel age and rene is sammy and sophia was gonna go then rene want go
 
 she had no interest
 
 And middle girl... Chopped liver?
 
 yesd
 
 Kk
 
 Sophia and rene?
 
 sophia and rene playdate
 
 sorry aidedn helping type
 
 she take sop[hia aznd jrne fgo the kids p;laying toghher thinfgtseszvg;loi
 
 Y tf. Mitchelle
 
 is funness of fun hrlp and i has no caffiene and soda and the coffee no taste happy and isnt fucking working
 
 Yes thats fucking helpful. I still cleaning
 
 cooking
 
 dealing with mitch bitch
 
 I dont get home till close to 6...  But if the arent in bed before i get back the will be when i get home.... After getting beat..
 
 
 
 Por que?
 
 it should die
 
 Ihate the world
 
 I need soda
 
 now
 
 kk
 
 Kk
 
 Ill order 2 baskets when i get a chance to sit and get my computwr out
 
 my head burns
 
 Brat demons
 
 and daniel the fucking tiger on repeat
 
 the almost ruining a brand new movie
 
 the playing with the xbox
 
 not to mention the nail polish on my wall
 
 now the car wont start
 
 the kids didnt nap and right when they were getting tired we were gonna leave
 
 I am so fucking tired
 
 dont judge me right now.
 
 Jk? Kk :p
 
 jkk
 
 Have to do from computer. Only gives me one pickup option from phone
 
 Lol. I will probably only eat a couple. I meant for da kidz lol
 
 if they go bad ill yell at you
 
 I dont want them but you do
 
 Blackberries yes or no?
 
 Kk ill order now. Hopefully goes throufh my phone lol
 
 I still dont think we need the fucking blackberries
 
 whatever
 
 eh sure
 
 (blackberry smoothies amd plain yogurt opping
 
 So blackberries and 2 baskets? Lol
 
 they look unecessary. We could probably eat all the black berries but seriously that is just so fucking many blackberries
 
 Any of them? I sent the list for the week
 
 eh no
 
 Thoughts?
 
 Salad pack.  Sourdough\nBlackberries?\n
 
 
 
 
 
 have fun in school im going to attempt to survive the next few hours
 
 i have a headache
 
 yes yes it is
 
 Wow my tupig is off today
 
 Lol ill see wjat i xan do
 
 No I want a carton of smokes
 
 to pay the morgage and a fucking tankard of vodka and a keg of ddp
 
 Want any extras?  Ill go to Vetcentre and order.
 
 I dont think we have the charger anymore but I will look in the garage if I get a chance right now Im bribing babies with doughnuts so they will shut up and stop crying baout no bye byes
 
 K.  We have charger?
 
 kaput death
 
 fuck if I know why but it is deader then a doornail nothing
 
 The doors were all shut and you were the last one to move it
 
 I cant do shit about that right now unless you have the information
 
 Internal lights doors etc..
 
 Bountiful baskets
 
 had to call school to give his nam
 
e he is picking them up in the office and I informed him that they will be late. why in fuck would she use the headlights during the day?
 
 Means yoir mom left lights on
 
 Vans dead kris picking up kids. No electricity at all
 
 Lol kust got out of class
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 Dat me!!
 
 
 
 Mwah. Have fun with babies
 
 Hello! Lol
 
 
 
 Ttyl \u2661
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 My babies are Satan's but cute
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 
 
 Nope
 
 Yummmy more more more
 
 
 
 
 
 Sexy
 
 Terrible me pic for you lol. Waiting on class 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 He's so cute. I put the phone down and he goes all done clap mommy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 He tilts the guitar and shit
 
 
 
 Lmao
 
 Aiden is chasing me around "mommy daddy Michael eel MA MA nana nana nana na na na naaaaaaa
 
 mommy daddy mommy daddy michaeeeeeel" he's slamming on the guitar leaning shaking his butt all of it
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Weirdo. 
 
 \U0001f61c
 
 I didn't mean right the fuck now
 
 Kk my last class gets out at 515 today....
 
 We need to remember to deposit money in account and pay morgage
 
 
 
 Lmao.told her she. Qpuld make more money like that. Lol\n\nShes actually kinda hot tonight
 
 Haha rene got tipped by an old an while  fully clothed. 
 
 Haha no
 
 Mwah love you
 
 And.. You could always bring one home ;)
 
 Renee thinking about making money from the girlies? Lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 At this point im tempted to just un friend her. We don't talk and all she does is whine... Ive got a 9yr old for that
 
 That's why she always broke. Not our problem she's an adult. She can't budget oh well
 
 Wtf is wrong with her
 
 Her car payment is higher than our maintenance costs.
 
 
 
 Her rent is higher than our mortgage
 
 Because she's barb
 
 Barb is bitching about rent raising. So i tolds her to buy a house... And apparently.... She can't do that.... Um... Wtf not
 
 Lol
 
 I wanna start a (ur too dumb to have kids campaign)
 
 No. Someone's parents said don't eat that it ll kill you and then the kid pissed then off and killing them seemed appropriate.  . . Because no one ever mentioned killing people is bad. 
 
 Silica gel is not something youd learn on a game rofl
 
 People are blaming television and video games etc. But seriously they are bubba and saundra age. It ain't the tv
 
 it's the fact that parents have become useless. It started colombine time when the fucking mom didn't notice the pipe bomb on her sons fucking dresser. \nParents are so afraid of hurting their kids feelings they aren't parentinf
 
 Huh? Wtf
 
 Calling tomorrow close to 5 to double check if they faxed or not
 
 Not completed today. Guys gone. Probably tomorrow and they fax in
 
 5207909144
 
 Phones almost dead. Shoot me yhe number
 
 You should cali therm then
 
 Lol i just axed it. Didnt call lol
 
 Ask gthem nor me
 
 Faxed. Do i have to pick it up or do the fax it?
 
 fucking skin/soap
 
 on way home can you pick up some pop for me and a small pack of latex gloves or some of those girly cotton gloves? my whole hand is starting to crack
 
 setn
 
 Kk
 
 Give me 20 min still at schook
 
 Can you send page 4?  Pwetty pwease
 
 Last 2 are the same
 
 
 
 It should be 3 different pages
 
 Yes you do
 
 Do i need 4?
 
 Upu sent me me page 5.  3 and 5 lol
 
 Lol
 
 Out of it. I'm not sure I'm awake 
 
 U in a mood? Or just playing with pics? Lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 \U0001f607
 
 \U0001f47f
 
 OK :p
 
 DONE
 
 Aphillipjohnson@email.arizona.edu
 
 allen. something
 
 Ill email whats email address?
 
 :p
 
 Needsheet and number
 
 Late for Spanish and i can..from 2-4
 
 haha. wanna be an ass Ill email it to you and you can sign it and fax it to them...
 
 Lolneed a picture? Lol
 
 Id try to turn it in when michael gets home but I cant forge your signature
 
 8-5 is office hours
 
 8 am. If I have to I guess I can figure out how to drop it off tomorrow
 
 My classes start at 930 tomorrow and i don't remember the office open time
 
 printing clean copy fill it out tonight. hopefully you can drop it off in am. or maybe I can.
 
 Upside all we have to do is get trf to fill out that form and upload and call them to verify and we are done. hopefully in time to get fs next month.
 
 fine tooth comb lady
 
 everything is goinjg through everything
 
 Omg anal retentive woman she is
 
 going through the whole damn thing
 
 fuck me
 
 I think I got the worlds dumbest des agent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Your mother lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I love him such muchness
 
 Spike
 
 10th and I'm not sure about this next on the qpth cause just go app in remember
 
 Whatever
 
 10th
 
 When we get foodstamps on first we can alter house food this weekend
 
 I want to throw out half plus of our pantry. 
 
 Mwah
 
 And feel bad mom
 
 Lol
 
 They make me crazy
 
 So I know what's in it. Yes
 
 Whatching more documentaries?
 
 Y?
 
 Seriously though I just need to learn to make everything from scratch. 
 
 Not to mention the inevitable post dinner reclean the kitchen crap
 
 No you don't get it. Today has been fuck. I still have the downstairs to pick up because the kids suck. And four loads of laundry three loads of dishes plus dinner left to do. 
 
 I'm never gonna catch up on laundry. Like honestly.  I'm going to have to send you and mikey to a laundromat or something.  It's just not gonna happen here. 
 
 :p
 
 I'm kinda of fucking busy moron
 
 Call her lazy butt
 
 Twins bed came in
 
 Living room book case dresser trophy cabinet done. Girls room twins room bathroom upstairs hall done. Now the hall the kitchen playroom boys room and den
 
 Idk for all I know she got crazy drunk after des or is refilling or God knows
 
 Wheres renee? Aint she coming overm
 
 Trying to get shit done. It's going so fucking slowly. . . Fucking kids
 
 Nice...
 
 16th april chior retreat (other chior)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Aw... Fuck
 
 Like I said gov is gonna implode before I die anyway. It's all moot
 
 Lol. Ok...be ok with a placeholder president that wont be able to pass anything lol
 
 I don't hate him anymore then I hate some of hilary they are just stupid different ways
 
 I dont want bernie lol
 
 Yeah so why should I bother. 
 
 Thats it loo
 
 Basically all we are doing currently is helping solidify the candidate bernie v hillary
 
 I don't vote electoral college makes it pointless to vote for president.  But because people still believe in our system I pretend so they don't bitch at me. 
 
 Unless you wanna go vote with me where Mikey gets home (polls close at 7pm)
 
 And selfie class cancelled lol
 
 Kk
 
 We made it short. Longer one tomorrow when we put each piece together
 
 Though you had Spanish something or other
 
 Heading home. Gonna go vote first lol
 
 Done. Now just paperwork and interview. 
 
 It's done?
 
 There fucking finally submitted Ive only been working on it off and on for two fucking weeks
 
 luckily we havent been spending a lot of fs so we should be okay next month if it doesnt get in in the next 30 days
 
 had to call them
 
 go through the app again
 
 call them again to submit the bitch and it still isnt done
 
 wont submit
 
 What's up?
 
 me and the computer are about to get in a fight
 
 Trying to finish it up on the fucking phone stupid website is bullshit
 
 we might not have fs next month because this app is being a bitch again
 
 Yep
 
 Apr 1 interview.   Hell weekend
 
 April 3rd kids party 4th my apprt
 
 Apr 2nd chior retreat
 
 K......
 
 No I mean part of why I don't want sex is discomfort physically the other is lack of trust so we get rid of physical discomfort and we are working on trust already
 
 Psychological just meana youll deal with me..  Thats not my end goal...... :/
 
 Lol theoretically when the pain is gone it won't be be as much of a psychological barrier. 
 
 I meant we get you be horny pills (not counting what the doc gives yoy lol)
 
 Lol it'd be pain or blood flow now pills
 
 Well.  Lets get the bike... And get you (be horny) pills rofl
 
 Theoretically. I might need pills or shoot the bad vein lasers
 
 Kk.. So... Buy that stationary bike and then back to sex lok
 
 No vericose veins. That would be the closest. Vericose veins in my reproductive organs causing swelling and pain
 
 So.. Basically... Self terminated tubular pregnancy?
 
 Either meds
 
 or that vascular shoot laser laproscopy. But it says if I bike
 
 walk
 
 etc. Shit that moves the legs daily it will cut down on the symptoms. The ultrasound is to see how bad it is. If it was 50 years ago they'd just take it out like they did my grandmas. Now they say exercise and medication or vascular surgery
 
 So. Either meds or tube removal?
 
 I finally read the paperwork and it says pelvic congestion. I googled it. Its vascular issues.
 
 for the ultrasound.
 
 I have an appointment monday at 7 am jsyou know.
 
 
 
 State return?
 
 ? Huh
 
 My taxes no kids just me
 
 Comfused... Lol
 
 
 
 Mwah love you. (ill pick up hampers on way home)
 
 Phone dead 2% coming home after class. Head stomach hurt. Ill do homework in the office
 
 3 spice noodles
 
 
 
 I forgot. Do you like veitnamese food?
 
 Hers was mostly clean and she had already baghed up 4 bags of clean clothes for me
 
 Nope. Mosts boys and linens
 
 Thats risiculous. Most had to be hers
 
 Herroom plus den
 
 Wow....  Wth was in her room?
 
 20 plus black bags of dirty clothes......wanna do himework at the laundromat this week? Lol
 
 
 
 
 
 Ketchup bottom shelf pantry
 
 If you remember whenyour at walmart.   We need ketchup
 
 I dont know my stomach fucking hurts and im not hungry. Makes it difficult..
 
 thanks anyway
 
 I will fucking figure it out.
 
 fuck it never fucking mind
 
 Um idk. Order pizza? Chinese? What elae delivera..
 
 its 430 and I have no clue what to make
 
 fine go get monkeys then
 
 I dont want to make you sicker
 
 I can get up go to bk and come back if you want
 
 Food but ill find something
 
 Stomach hurts. Not goingto school. Will go to coffee shop later.  Did you need anything from the store?
 
 K see u in a bit.
 
 yes
 
 Smokes diapers that it?
 
 Jist got out. Phone at 2% have to walk across campus
 
 dont think i could drive the van anyway at this point
 
 birng home diapers and smokes. Havent gone to store and just dont give a fuck at the moment
 
 Lol
 
 "daddy home mommy"
 
 now my cleaning is slwo going because I have to let it rest for a bit inbetween doing things
 
 Owch
 
 I tried to stop myself and my arem dragged behind me
 
 Ouchies
 
 slipped going to do laundry
 
 I got a 71%  so far on spanish exam. (61/85. Before final 15points for composition is graded)
 
 Y fall down stairs...?
 
 so I fucked up my arm falling down the stairs. cleaning is slow going now
 
 Lol
 
 he gets faint easy
 
 hes falling over everytime he stands up
 
 Make him go
 
 Mikey just had a fever this morning. Pansy..
 
 Midterm 1 done... Holy hell it was long. And tedious.  I finished with 3 minutes left. Half the class didnt... I need a drink.. Lol
 
 well that sucks. That means Ill have to go to the store while the kids are napping or hope mikey feels better later. Im going to be out of diapers so the twins wont be able to go to sleep tonight until someone runs to the store
 
 I have an extra credit lecture to attend today at 5 for selfie class. Its about the fbi vs apple and the phone thing
 
 So much for being on time rofl
 
 Well. Gotta wait till they mail one then cant unlock account without it lol
 
 cant find one
 
 Need wells fargo account #
 
 Mwah mwah mwah sexyyyyyy ;)
 
 Kk rueben then
 
 I still have a sammich if I get hungry. I am nauseated. I dont know if I can et
 
 U food yes no? Or are you ok with ur sammich thingies
 
 he said rueben or nuggets if you go to a burger place
 
 I dont know if I can eat right now.
 
 Kk rueben?  Or do u wamt bk?
 
 any food chicken nuggets or arbys
 
 Trafgic jam
 
 From where ... in car at garage. Phone at 3% 
 
 mikey wants food
 
 Just finished eating. Coming home. So you hopefully go to bed early.. Yea? Ya ya ya
 
 are you coming home or staying out?
 
 I knowm but its welcome to college math and i dont even think they will let me overload that high
 
 Sorry had to plugnphone in apparently im starving o smelled panda and like ran to it. Wth
 
 your already haveing grade problems and you want to add another class when you tisll have to do you project and you havent done shit on it yet and your running out of time
 
 That makes it actually possibleish to grad in Dec if i take 1 summer course
 
 your already craming in the classes
 
 you dont have time to do that
 
 ill live
 
 anemia thta time of month plus bug
 
 eh im always death.
 
 Since youre death
 
 Math departmebt wasnt me to start math100 in like 5 days lol
 
 ?
 
 Kk ill come home now and dothe ilrn stuff at the table
 
 he figured out the blood was from his nose suposedly and honestly he looks less like death then i do
 
 hes not going. Im just going to put the kids to bed
 
 Phones almoat dead. Did you still need me home now?  Is mineyy going to the er?
 
 When he gets home hes gonna try and convince u no hospital and that its only allergies
 
 Mines almost dead.  Hmm ill text him see if he knows.  Hes got moat routes memorized
 
 I dont know my fucking phone isnt exactly working well for talking texting or anything hence my being on comp messaging people more then not
 
 Tmc
 
 If hes bussing doesnt a tranfer go by the hospital?
 
 yeah Ill call him. Its probably the best I can do but I dont know specifically when michael will be home so we will see
 
 Um..  Kris
 
 shit fuck ass
 
 okay hell probably be at the urgent care already by then.
 
 Gets out at 515
 
 Kk ill come home after class then.
 
 so i dont know
 
 I guess if you get home when he does drive him
 
 mikey needs to urgent care
 
 hes hacking up blood
 
 Trying to figure out how to cram all my units required for graduating...
 
 Lol. Mwah love you. Come bed soonish babe. 
 
 kk
 
 Now my toenails are cut. Lol. Going to bed 
 
 I went potty. Now im cutting my toenails.  Lol
 
 is this whole bed thing an issue for you pawn boy?
 
 Only. Ilrn chptr and quiz require quiet ill dobthe other two un the living room with you :) mwah
 
 Yeah and then you'll be here and be doing homework and ill be still by self so might as well finish homework quiet place
 
 But ypu need stuff and ive already been gone for like 2.5 hours
 
 Then do them
 
 Kk mwah love you. Tried to not stay too long. I still have a paper to write. A midterm sheet to make a quiz to take and an ilrn chapter to do...
 
 Grab pop too might as well be lubricated while i play laundry maid
 
 Flash cards done. Heading home. Will do more tonight.  Just smojes and wipes?
 
 bring home smokes and wipes...enjoy your peace
 
 Finally got a table. I was at the bar.  Now the real work can start woohoo. Speedy speedy (barista had never made an 8shot before.... Wth?)
 
 new brain
 
  About 3/4ths the flash cards done
 
 Anything else?  Taking a smoke break
 
 
 
 I need to send it to mom for taxes
 
 kk. I need the routine number for pyramid. I cant log in on the stupid computer because its fucking wanting shit verified through your email or phone and heh I have neither
 
 Sent a double email to me and marissa apparently at 3pm
 
 Saundras teacher took care of it
 
 
 
 
 
 'filthy'? Seriously? Wtf.\n\nAnd i got an email from adams teacher about marissa and gave her permission. Marissa said she gave them the copy. I guess thatvwas only adams school?  Grrargh
 
 Marissa emailed ms aldecoa about the saundras records etc. and the school needs a copy of the court ruling. just so you are where I am for the day
 
 just so your updated. Adam got sent to the nurses office for being "filthy" because he hadnt washed his hands
 
 was covered in dirt and was wearig dirty clothes. which were clean the other day but were on his floor and he couldnt find "clean clothes" I emptied their room of clothing and am currently being forced to rewash all of it.
 
 kk fine
 
 Vetscenter is doing a resume looky thing from like 330 to 5 still it's gonna be packed and campus is nuts i in th libraries due to midterm s this Week
 
 No I honestly have no idea why you are going to the coffee shop instead of the vet center....at 3 in the afternoon. when you have the chance to but you know...whatever. and yes I have enough wipes to get through tonight
 
 U sure
 
 just grab wipes on your way back from coffee shop i have enough to get through tonight
 
 K. So pick up wipes then go to coffee shoppe. 
 
 need wipes on way home
 
 wipes
 
 Sick
 
 Hungry.....
 
 
 
 Dont think this counts lol
 
 Weve both been sick for weeks
 
 Yeah not joking blaming twins in you
 
 Lol
 
 You have three flu oh god don't come back
 
 It all makes sense lol
 
 Instantly she said he might lose part of his ear
 
 Captain look at camera for yoy lol
 
 
 
 Mwah love you
 
 Kk \U0001f498
 
 Kk?
 
 Phone at 3 % prob gonna die
 
 Lol
 
 Lol sure you can deal with the flour reclogged toilet and lung hacking up children. Thank god i bough lasagna. 
 
 U wanna do it next time? Rofl
 
 Oh scared baby poor baby puppy \U0001f415
 
 Fucker.  
 
 
 
 Hes probably in pain. Scared or feverish
 
 Panting non-stop
 
 
 
 86lbs ish
 
 Jumped on nurses.   Stood on entry desk. And wont stop panting but decent heart rate..
 
 Good boy
 
 Better than anticipated....
 
 
 
 Ill look
 
 Duo u know where the red harness and leash r
 
  Didnt know if they needed records or something
 
 except fucking money
 
 prudence and broadwya. they didnt say antygin about bringing anything
 
 7474 e broadway
 
 southern arizona veterinary specialty and emergency
 
 Name address what duo i need to take?
 
 damn dog
 
 the speciatlty emergency place said they can take him. its gonna be 85 bucks just for the fucking appt though
 
 kk
 
 Pulling out now
 
 I need you home. I need you to take captain into a vet. he fucked up his ear bad
 
 Doctor apt moving forward?
 
 I may be dead or the children may be dead upon your return to tthe residence. I am a crying in pain
 
 tired as hell
 
 head throbbing joints not working properly and I have to get up every twenty fucking minutes to pee crazy woman. I think I may be dying. Seriously though.
 
 Lol
 
 It looks like the kids art show threw up
 
 Looks like fuuuun right?
 
 
 
 the fuckers reflooded the fucking bathroom. . . . . kids may die today
 
 and compared to the you know 20 dollars itll cost us to fix it ourselves if we dont pay in blood then we should just do it ourselves
 
 Kk
 
 the three closest
 
 Theres a couple vets around. Whod u call?
 
 yeah I am sure he did. not all fucking dogs want to play with yuo
 
 I seriously wisht they would have had an opening today at the fucking vets office. that would have been so much easier. More expensive. but so much fucking easier
 
 He learned a lesson though didnt he?
 
 poor puppy.
 
 Lol ya
 
 not at me as much as you but still peroxide is gonna be pushing it
 
 Ya.. He does get bitchy..
 
 buyt peroxide burns
 
 Seriously though. Im gonna have to bribe him
 
 dose him with pain killers have on of you pin him down
 
 clean the fucking thing out
 
 put some cream on it. loop a thing around him so he stops fucking with it. and hope to god he doesnt get pissed off enough at the peroxide to bite me. Hes been pretty good about cleaning he just tries to get further away.
 
 Lol
 
 yeah and we are gonna have to leave the back door open for the day or two he is wearing it which is gonna be a pain in the ass since he wont be able to fit through the doggy door
 
 Kk.  I bet he gets that cone off rofl
 
 and neosporin
 
 and peroxide
 
 she said they sell cones at pets mart. Ill look later since I have to go back to the fucking store anyway for toilet paper
 
 Called a vet they couldnt get him in till friday. Talked to nana again and she was like fuck it. Itll be healed by then if he wont leave it alone just go buy a fucking cone for him. So we will have to cone him. or bandage it or something.
 
 Kk
 
 Thatswhy i said you guys hold him down. He keeps trying to clean it himself. 
 
 U know hes gonna bite me right? Lol
 
 Our adoptive son asked if illbe getting more sleep since today was my last work day. Lol i laughed
 
 Ugh i have to go back to the store again after i pick up the kids. Need peroxide for captains booboo. I cleaned it a bit after i gave him an asprin but it still hurts and it isnt pussy but its yucky. Im gonna need one of you to hild him down for me. I had to corner him under the desk and give him hot dogs....it worked for like 60 seconds. 
 
 Look at me... Productive and shit
 
 Now seeing if my (selfie)class can be substituted in one of my sections
 
 Well thats good. 
 
 Got one of my programming classes rhat was in limbo applied to my major
 
 It was saying i needed like 3 more credits in 2 areas.. Lolon top of those lol
 
 Yay....
 
 Mus 120(theory) and usingers next semester finish out my minor now
 
 Got 4 classes moved around in what they were fulfilling degree wise.  Lol stupid auto thingy fucked t up
 
 Kk. 
 
 Im so fucking tired after doing minimal shit. I need a nap lol
 
 Mwah just got to parking garage.   Traffic blew today.  Got online stuff done. Gotta do quiz and flashcards tonight.  According to syllabus they are due tomorrow
 
 I picked up meat for dinner. Were having porkchops
 
 Sorted laundry. Doing more. Stupid demon toilet cleaned out. Now theres just you know......every fucking thing else
 
 Yes
 
 Boo... Someone needs to invent an auto cleaner declogger
 
 And now i need to dish gloves
 
 20 minutes cleaning shit wipes an tp rolls out of the toilet still a little clogged
 
 If my rincon job falla through lol :/
 
 Lol .. Kk. Be home in a minute. My finger got a hellofalot worse overnight. So getting ointment and bandaids
 
 Sleeeeeepp 
 
 Thought it was you driving lol. I'm at frys. Watcha need
 
 Sunday mom kuds church
 
 ?  I meant in van..
 
 Sleep
 
 Where you go?
 
 Morning
 
 Kk
 
 Talked to neighbor were good
 
 I was still tired before that thing lol
 
 Well you slept
 
 Im awake rofl
 
 Lol kk
 
 So hes good to go
 
 And i checked first aid with the sylvia vet
 
 Now we know why lol
 
 He bled a bit cause vein in ear but otherwise fine
 
 I thought it was weird how quickly he ran off
 
 He was like.. Uh.. Fuck this.
 
 Captain was definitely doooone when he got bit lol
 
 Oh. Kk i didnt get a good look
 
 Nope not the same guy . her hubbies balding and yell at tree guy was bigger and had hair
 
 And i think her hubbybis the yell at tree guy 
 
 Kk
 
 She doesnt she said she thinks he justc ame out to play but she panicked the dog panicked etc. And once she calmed she saw he wasnt trying to hurt her dogs shes just ptsd same as her dog
 
 We already had enough issues with the home insurance
 
 HEs big and scarylooking And the last thing we need is the neighbors thinking hes mean
 
 Lol
 
 I kinda wanna invite her and/or her husband over to meet actual captian...
 
 He just jumped on the stove to steal chicken. I think hes fine
 
 Called sylvia she said soap water and asprin only if it owies
 
 Fine one tooth to the back one to the ear
 
 His back ok?
 
 Got his ear pierced and a nick on his back
 
 He ok?
 
 State taxes are in 141$
 
 Those are originals lol
 
 Sureness
 
 Travelling musicians and front page?
 
 
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 First one goes better with your theme
 
 Not bad
 
 
 
 
 
 Rapunzel
 
 Kk
 
 Top one
 
 Which?
 
 
 
 
 
 Soo much work....
 
 
 
 I lokes it to o
 
 Brothers grimm feels gothic to me. Lol
 
 I didnt want to use the cartoony ones he gave us as starters
 
 Took awhile to find
 
 I really like that pic
 
 Lol
 
 Imma probably lose points for being too dark haha
 
 Apparently i cam do pretty.
 
 I likes
 
 
 
 K. Done with this page (except needing to do scroll over highlights for the navigation) 
 
 
 
 Thoughts?
 
 
 
 
 
 Im mean... It is the brothers grimm stories lol
 
 If i can find one
 
 I might try to a lighter background tile
 
 Kk
 
 Yeah go back to black and just have it dark 
 
 Kinda messes it up
 
 
 
 Kk ill try. The image is black backing. So you'll end up seeing its borders...  Ill trybit
 
 Behing the text t
 
 For the background images. ? Or the black behind the text?
 
 I like the goth look but maybe more of a charcoal pess of a black
 
 I liked the gothic tiles style. But it is dark lol
 
 Different background?
 
 This is one page of 5.   Kk\nSuggestions?
 
 Little dark
 
 Thoughts?
 
 
 
 Don't forget adams cupcakes
 
 
 
 Bk is easier drive
 
 Bk. Jack?
 
 Throw up? Okay im hungry but if your puky just come home and sleep
 
 Forcing myaeld to not throw whilr driving
 
 You just left
 
 Coming home. Need anythinf?
 
 Yes and dishwasher soap
 
 Wipes smokes?
 
 
 
 Love you \U0001f498
 
 Just got done. Heading hone
 
 Good luck love you
 
 Kk
 
 Expecting the call soonish..
 
 Selfie teacher cancelled class again. But hey i got lunch lol
 
 Lol
 
 I dont know where the fuck you think you are going to put it but yeah the march 5th we pick it up because I cant during rodeo and that saturday you are off but she is busy so the 5th
 
 The flat screen uh.. Ya
 
 or whatever
 
 and that stupid tv you said you wanted. or mikey wanted
 
 March 5th I need to pick shit up from caseys. like those dressers and shit. Just so you is knowing
 
 lol
 
 Love you too. Mwah\n\nWe went out for like 3 hours amd only talked about kids once lol
 
 I love you
 
 you will get job and then be happier
 
 but it will be good baby
 
 bunk
 
 also remind me to remind you that at somepoint we should check on the triple bonk
 
 it will be good
 
 I will make happy
 
 you will be good
 
 good luck love
 
 Leah wished me luck on the interview thingy today 
 
 partially because the shot for chlamidia and ghonorea hurst like a bitch
 
 Yup
 
 honestly with those options I would too
 
 Fun. I choose baby
 
 love you too. ugh so I goodled correctly this moringing. its pretty much
 
 cancer
 
 pregnancy
 
 ectopic pregnancy
 
 infection or std
 
 Mwah love you
 
 Kk
 
 If I start having severe pain or bleeding or something ill junto urgent care since they verified I have active insurance
 
 I have to be there at 8  and he isnt an ob so he shouldnt be running off to deliver babies and hould be theoretcially ontime
 
 It shoudl
 
 Herrera j manuel md arizona community physicicans 1261 n wilmot rd 722-6858
 
 Mondays first class is at 12 does that work?
 
 Kk
 
 monday march 14th at 8 am
 
 Im stuck on a health arizona fucking website searching for something
 
 Boo
 
 so fuck it
 
 fucking dr moher is no longer being covered by achss
 
 I cant do planned parenthood because baly someone would have to be home all day with the kids and they have crappy timing
 
 Lol
 
 I dont want thest doctors
 
 I hate all of these doctors
 
 But thats normal
 
 Estoy muy consado
 
 Im tired.....
 
 Dem ebonicz on point rofl
 
 Den callz und get won. 
 
 One problem I no longer have a doctor
 
 :p
 
 Hahahahaha. They fixed it
 
 I have no idea what the hell is going on with my insurance. In the website we are all insured until august
 
 :)
 
 silly pants
 
 Its funny
 
 really
 
 
 
 Kk
 
 Negative test. But my uterus feels funny. I should go to planned parenthood since im not sure on my insurance status
 
 
 
 No no el crapo (idk if thatsva word but im making it one :p )
 
 I repeat the above. Cut the fucking crap
 
 Grrargh mwah mwah mwah mwah kill u with kisses mwah mwah mwah
 
 Just stop. Seriously just fucking stop. 
 
 Love you too
 
 Fuck you
 
 Mmm hmm...  \n\nLove you
 
 Have fun with that
 
 Good lord... Im still at work.......
 
 I told you. I told you not to fuck with me again. 
 
 Mwah.
 
 Yeah apparently im one of at least two......yay for fucking me
 
 Mwah good morning love you
 
 Just fuck it. Your never gonna understand how you fucked up.take a screen shot. Message it to her and see if she can fucking translate it for you
 
 You ignore the facts. YOu walk around pushing on slight things that should matter and ignoring the realit y that is. You dont fucking feel that for e. You dont. because if you did your behaviours never would have happened. what you feel for me is the remnant of the fact that I put up with it. it is not true love
 
 its your fear of losing someone who tolerates your behaviours and love s you anyway. you have never shown me love. you have shown me torlerance. you have shown me kidness. you have shown me
 
 companionship. but love no. and it isnt for lack of trying its because  it isnt there. if it were you wouldnt have messaged her. ever. period the fucking end becaus eyou know I see her ass all I could have been. she is the epitomy of all the ways that I failed as a person in this marriagey thing and in my actual marriage. and you still did it. without fucking consulting me you fucking did it. before fucking valentines day by days you did it. and you want me to what....see that as your schooling. Im not a fucking moron. anyone could teach you spanish. this is tucson you fucking cunt ass bitch but NOOOO HAS TO BE FUCKING HER. the cunt who is all that I could never be educated and fucking skiwilling to bear your fucking kids. FUCK THAT. Just fuck that. YOU KNEW. and dont say you didnt because many a rant have been devoted to my failing as a person vs her while yours have been you arent fucking tall enough nor do you have enough money or a big enough dick. So dont fucking pretend you didnt know. YOU FUCKING NEW AND YOU DIDNT EQUATE IT. YOU FIGURED ID LET IT GO LIKE I ALWAYS FUCKING DO. but you know what....5 fucking years in. Its not time for me to stop pretending. Ive always been fucking honest on how I feel at any given moment. Its time for you to stop pretending.
 
 I know you dont like roses but compared to the other options they were the safest. I now know to just get babies breath and the palm leaves lol. 
 
 \nThe website was in pink because its valentines day. I went with the theme. It wouldnt be very thematic if i used green. But in hindsite thatbwouldve been better.\nAnd i am in love with you bit youre going to assume im only saying it because ofbyour rant so ill tell you tomorrow as well babe.\nI love you
 
 And theybdidnt have any pink roses when i bought them they only had red and orange left
 
 I love you
 
 love ya
 
 night
 
 I know where I stand now. No more limbo. I KNOW WHERE I STAND. and I cant say it doesnt stiing like a cunt mouth bitch. but ill deal. I know now. Even though you never saw fit to tell me
 
 4. you would know me. know me on roses
 
 the color pink
 
 it seems small now but the little shit. you never got it all down.
 
 I have figured it out. All this time you kept pushing me
 
 trying to make me see that you ar in love with me. But 1. you cant even say it. 2. when you do its because its forced and 3. soemone who really loved me would never fucking bring her back around. Period the end. you would have found a tutor on craigslist. at the u
 
 asked for help from mike. any of the above before you went to that and you wouldnt have delayed telling me about it so that I have to learn each update from her days to hours before i learn it from you.
 
 Coming hone now bit have to leave at. 150 for the chiors
 
 Vwhat time home today
 
 
 
 Morning babe.  Happy valentines day
 
 Love you
 
 Mwah mwah
 
 But im not never have been never will be. 
 
 Love you. Mwah\nI tried.... And valentines day is pink. Thus the colors
 
 im going to go away. have fun with pink
 
 love you
 
 sure. I just......yeah. no. just fucking no. just no. I dont even have other words. well I do but they are angry and irrational and ranting. so just....yeah.
 
 Love you too hun. I just started taking 'pretty' programming this semester lol
 
 :p
 
 I could do it with a fucking word document....but then again. I cant program a computer
 
 but you cant type a fucking memo.....
 
 Pink sappy words. Made with programming :)
 
 :p
 
  Im still trying and im not gonna stop 
 
 you have issues
 
 suilly man
 
 Because i dont think the css file wpuld have worked
 
 awe...sappy pointlessness so why couldnt I check that on my phone
 
 Pink page of sappy words.  I didnt do any thing else becauae i wanted to getbit to you before bed :p
 
 I assume it was supposed to do something other then just a pink page of sappy words
 
 yes and it was a fail
 
 Did u get it?
 
 Yahoo
 
 which email
 
 Cuz :p
 
 Y
 
 K i sent you an email. Butbu have to open it on the computer
 
 Yeah
 
 U still up?
 
 Need anything on way hone?
 
 :p
 
 
 
 Should nt you be home
 
 amall problem. im having difficulty moving my legs due to pain from knees and puking position. Im going to have the kids pick up but basically.....im failing extraorinarily as a parental unit at the moment.
 
 and being in pain
 
 and shaking
 
 yes Im tired of puking
 
 Ouchies
 
 im going to bed the moment on e ofyou get home. Im so fucking sick I stopped at the store and boutt chef boyardee ravioli cans for dinner
 
 
 
 sorry baby
 
 Email from state farm.didn't get it :(
 
 
 
 like horribly omg I might die sick.
 
 im sick
 
 the only thing I can keep down so far is oysters and chocolate milk.
 
 Mwah mwah
 
 Not that im aware of. I think i ate bad pizza rolls this morning. I woke up fine but tired. Ate then boom. Puking shaking death
 
 Mwah mwah feels better babe
 
 Kk mwah just wantedbto make sure i didnt do anything...
 
 Sick. Cant stop shaking. Puking. Which i was hungover. Itd be better. Gonna nap in a bit 
 
 U ok?  Youve been quiet...
 
 Mwah mwah mwah 
 
 Mwah mwah
 
 
 
 I woke up at 7 and no one was up lol
 
 I forgot the kids permission slip this morning
 
 Mwah love you
 
 My head hurts.   C\xf2mo (how/what)    qu\xe9 (what/which) cu\xe0l (what)
 
 :p
 
 It doesnt and you know it I cannot get a babysitter
 
 shower
 
 get dressed and wake the fuck up in an appropriate amoutn of time required to leave here
 
 gambel and be back in time I am not dead tomorrow
 
 Uh huuuuh
 
 just doesnt for the today work
 
 no sitter and not night
 
 Too and we go. Leave all other money at home
 
 I shouldnt have said
 
 and your gonna be all spend money
 
 no I dont want to go spend money
 
 Rene sit
 
 cant night the boys couts things
 
 And yes the do
 
 To bad imma check assignments and if not lots.. Me u tonight
 
 because too many buttons for the gambling and shit. They dont have thosw old fashioned put in money hit button shit anymore
 
 no know how they work so nope thats throwing money to a robot.
 
 No casino 100 each slot machines fum vid games brigjt flashy colors
 
 just want to watch other people do itI
 
 no gambling is throwing away money to rich people who own casino
 
 And play slots lol
 
 K we go casino 100$ each
 
 I wanna go to the casino and not gamble because it scares me but instead just watch people gamble and pretend I am an adult
 
 The quiz i completely forgot. (different than the online workbook) amd i thpught i had ampther dat on the card s
 
 you didnt forget them. You kept talking about them. You chose not to dothem there is a difference you know
 
 That's what happens when you forget a quiz and notecardsfor one week
 
 Eh..
 
 Im shocked and shit
 
 Currently have a 65% in Spanish..... Joy.....
 
 fucktwats the world is fucktwats
 
 bastards
 
 fucking us fries should deliver
 
 so much stuff for the watching
 
 and fuller house and gilmore girl reunion
 
 and deadpool
 
 Lol
 
 Independence day resurgence is COMING!!!!!!!
 
 lol I always walk around for like six hours a day wondering why people all have the same fucking birth mark
 
 Crazy ass ashwed fuckers
 
 me either but I only want the fries
 
 Eaten
 
 Lol i havemt eates
 
 Yeah I know  but I can fantasize about you rushing home with a steaming thing of fries in twenty minutes. while I force feed myself some random crap from freeazer
 
 In lab cant get anyways lol
 
 nwooooo
 
 booze is bad because day time and school and I cant us fries because no car no money and you nwo not downtown
 
 I cant spell apparently today.
 
 I want booze
 
 Poutiane I want it.
 
 I love you.
 
 my stomach is being a picky bitch.
 
 I keep trying to make myself something to eat but I dont want any of it. It doesnt look like good. I even have poppers and I dont want them.
 
 and some food
 
 I want prfoza
 
 weirdo
 
 And i might have popped 2 Prozac an hour before the test lol
 
 Test worth 100pts.  Only 85 initially graded(last 15 are composition) i got 74/85 
 
 lol
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table
 
 Wow lol
 
 And possibly necrophelia
 
 And dirt. And death
 
 No thats good. Little cears taste like posion
 
 Ingesting aerosol rofl
 
 Lol. Spray cheese = poison.  
 
 No poison food. I dont ingest poison
 
 Do u want wings feom here or no?lol
 
 I cant and theyre food is dearh so your choice of poison is not impprtant nor meaningful
 
 Read the middle one lol
 
 Fuck if i know
 
 Guess what im getting rofl
 
 
 
 Four four kids probably ubless your gonna eat one yourself one for Mikey and makey the four shareon e
 
 3 Enough?
 
 Kk
 
 @ Kolb so 20 minute s?
 
 Ick okay. I have pizza rolls for me
 
 Kk lil ceasars
 
 Billysgoing. To chriss cheris taking rene and adam
 
 ?
 
 No just 4
 
 All 7?
 
 Sure
 
 Want me pick up kid dinner
 
 Tell him stop sanding till i get home
 
 He is sanding. And youd better wake them up theuve been talking about you all day
 
 Has adam sanded yet?
 
 Hopefully they are still awake when i get home. Ill go in and give hugs
 
 Yeah the twins are
 
 Are babies already in bed?
 
 Pointless now
 
 I didnt know what time it was.   Im hurrying
 
 Seriously that cost you saying good night to the twins. And teaching adam how to sand a car properly. 
 
 Im almost tobthe car. \n\nAnd ouch...
 
 Id honestly be less offended if you were late because you fucked someone. Me and the kids just got blown off for you to play advisor to a kid. . . 
 
 Im known as the guybwho does everything lol.  So apparently now that means (better than the noob ista advisor) lol
 
 Eh?
 
 Sure
 
 Got snagged by a classmate from last semester. He wanted advice on what to take in his last two semesters to improve his resume appearance
 
 Damn people talk too much
 
 Yummy
 
 There's steak and aspargus abd potatoes. 
 
 When i get hime i have to fix one part of my programming assignment from last night
 
 Heading to car. Need anytjing on way home
 
 I had to decide.. Coffee or burboun (i made growd up decision lol) its a hookah coffee bar
 
 Do your homeworker. Imm going to eat spray cheese while cleaning and getting shit done till its an appropriate time for alchohol
 
 
 
 Si.
 
 I have to clean. Make a pinewood derby car. Cook dinner. Clean babies room. Male babies room. Finish laundry. One more load of dishes. Clean out dishwasher. Homework kids. And most of this probably before you or michael get home. See this is why i decided to be fat. 
 
 Ya....... 
 
 Yhere never gonna do the yard. 
 
 We should pay the boys to do the garage too lol
 
 .....
 
 Todau i have a 2 hour break between spanish and last class on monday.   First time i noticed that ive been so frazzeled.  Honework and hookah.. = easier
 
 Yep school is so hard....youhave time to sit down and hookah.....with a cold. But schoolhard
 
 I wish i could post this and tag marissa rofl
 
 Lol
 
 Eh i worked out for an hour. Used aiden for bench press weights. Now im tired and want to eat a buvket of chicken and sleep. 
 
 I can help that with sex ;) rofl
 
 Seriously though
 
 Lol
 
 I just wanna get fat
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 :p
 
 Na. 
 
 Sex sex &gt;spray cheese lol
 
 Blah blahblah spraay cheese
 
 Sexx
 
 But fatness
 
 But seeex
 
 Too much effort. Lets just get fat
 
 Sex (with me) 6 times a week minimum (balances spray cheese rofl)
 
 Eat spray cheese and just let it explode my stomach
 
 Fat
 
 Eh im thinking duck it i just get dat
 
 We should look on craigslist for worky outy thingies
 
 
 
 Hey im just as fat
 
 
 
 
 
 Fatty
 
 185lbs. Check again this morning.. Witjout my jacket on lol\n\nMwah morning
 
 Bleh....  \n\nMwah mwah morning
 
 Sammi clothes wtf
 
 Kk
 
 Yes
 
 Today?
 
 Moms gonna
 
 Someone get them donuts?
 
 Kids arent churching and you need sleep parties at 1
 
 Breakfast then Lowe's?
 
 ....mucinex is what works because removes pressure by thinning mucus so it can be expelled. I told you that for three weeks. No listen then yell at me. Stupid
 
 I took literally every srug in the house except for that
 
 Because you remind me of my dad whining he is sick and not wanting to take drugs and your pissy and annoying and growling and clenching fista and yelling and it is unpleasent
 
 Callme paranoid. But you have been kicking me out of the house sincevthe second ibwoke up tonight....
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Just got you text 312pm
 
 Me u breakfast?
 
 \U0001f47c\U0001f63b
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol
 
 
 
 
 
 Lol (hides)
 
 
 
 No shooting me....
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 :p
 
 .............
 
 Take that.... Grind(er) on that 12in lol
 
 U getting a footlong giiiiirl. Haha :p
 
 Imma give it to u and the jokes will never end
 
 Dp
 
 Eegee or dp?
 
 Fries ranch
 
 Grinder 
 
 Weirdo
 
 In line hurry whatcha want
 
 To late getting you eegees
 
 Food?
 
 Lol wow the faith
 
 No youll dot wrong
 
 Want me stop by home. Depot on way hone
 
 disrispectful to the beatles.
 
 and eggrolls
 
 and tacos and poppers
 
 Um yeah that is not what the fuck that means its from I am the walrus fucking beatles song and has nothing to do with kk cool coolio or will do that is the most ridiculous misuse of beatles I have ever heard
 
 Burger or tacos with ur poppers?
 
 Ouch.\n\n\nAnd\n\nCoo coo cachoo\nAka\nCool. Kk coolio.  Will do. \n\nGonna grab ur dinner on way home
 
 the fuck? Im going to heat up the babies and feed them now. THey both need a big dose of benedryl and then they are gonna be pissed and tired. they look like they got maced
 
 Coo coo cachoo
 
 Jack in crack. I want fucking poppers
 
 There's enough shepards pie. So thats not an issue.  Want do u want for dinner? Jack
 
 taco
 
 or bk
 
 this is their second bath today. Aiden is pissed because I flushed his eyes out. I guess Im doing left over shepards pie for dinner because I aint cooking shit.
 
 I dont fucking know. I just got done getting cayenne pepper out of their eyes and sweeping it up again.
 
 Home now. Or grab stuff first? Or are we going when mikey gets home?
 
 So the back yard was started on. I just spent three hours cleaning the fucking house. the house will be clean for the next five minutes. Sony and Aiden shit in their room again. The kids are being assholes. Mat was here to do the yard so I squeezed in a heart to heart talk about how he needs to pull his head out of his ass. Be single for a year and deal with his PTSD before it gets worse because I still have my bad days and I have been working on it longer then he has. His mothers too soft for him to bitch at and that he should spend a few days here soon to get away from his mom so they can both breathe for a bit and he can do my fucking yard. Sophia is asleep on the couch. There is still crap to clean up in the babies room. and the twins just got into chili powder or some shit and have it in their eyes so get home soon FUCKING PLEASE
 
 Lol
 
 Oh.. Snadpaper...  Kk
 
 Facemasks?
 
 vent filters\n\rac filter\n\rsalt\n\rlightbulbs\n\rcarpet cleaner\n\rsand paper\n\rface masks
 
 So list of things to pick up
 
 Lol
 
 not that it just seems so yuppy
 
 Yes...  40$ in (house maintenance) is gonna kill us financially rofl
 
 Lol
 
 but it burns my nose and it feels stupid but it burns my nose and the kids are all solid with the boogers so fuck it
 
 Lol i was giving u shit lol
 
 I dont like the dirt smell
 
 Kk well drop dat $$ lol and be all spiffy ;)
 
 It is not helping anyones breathing times
 
 but we should get a fancy filter for the system too. one of those big deal ones. Im tired of the dust
 
 we should go to the store tonight. oh wait you dont get back till fuck of something hh
 
 3.50 but wed probably need like three packs. The one I want is online only and is 2.47 but it takes time to ship so its probably bhetter to try the in store one first.
 
 Kk how much is the in store brand?
 
 home deopot and lowes each have one brand they keep in stock. homedepot has like fifteen sihip to home brands.
 
 Ya
 
 Im sure they have them at like lowes and shit
 
 Kk
 
 I havent checked walmart yet.
 
 Kk so walmart? 
 
 all over the amazon
 
 theres like fifteen brands
 
 Kk lol
 
 and we need vent filters
 
 Weird lol
 
 our computer has no glue
 
 cut works
 
 copy works
 
 but past no worky
 
 Kk :p
 
 I cant Im on the computer fucktard
 
 vent mate register air and dust filters on the amazon
 
 Vent filters?  Kk? Screenshot and paste in here so i know what youre talking about lol
 
 there is too much the dustness
 
 but we need vent filters
 
 these things I was tfying to past a link but apparently it wont post it
 
 ? Thest?
 
 we need thest things
 
 
 
 
 
 Like 4100 after the filing fees
 
 The super money back stuff bush put in and obama resigned expired
 
 Tjats what were getting. I claimed aiden sonya adam saundra
 
 Grr...
 
 
 
 
 
 Im going to smoke
 
 do laundry
 
 and atttempt to do shit sort jof myabe
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oh shut up you arent her to clean or keep me warm so you are not love filled yellow minion
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 cause your moronic enough to wear flip flops
 
 I posted cold toesies this morning lol
 
 its still cold
 
 Cold? We has heater
 
 stupid winter
 
 and its cold
 
 I keep trying to clean and it isnt working
 
 I want more sleep and warmth.
 
 My bear likes ham cat toooooo
 
 ham cat is my friend
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 .........a fucking chihauhua looking rat dog...wow
 
 
 
 
 
 Si\n\nHowever.\n\nTu mucha elegante
 
 inteliente
 
 y perfecto
 
 mucho dellusional
 
 Mucho inteliente
 
 Its yummy and.. Yo moy inteligente
 
 Nuh uh...
 
 Disgusting and yeahyou are an idiot
 
 Me no stupido
 
 :p
 
 
 
 Typo not hard to understand you are just stupid
 
 I was confused because even if i phoneticized there was 2 whats lol
 
 It said "sowet what"  so..  Sowhat what?  Lol
 
 Weirdo cant phonetic?
 
 Oh kk
 
 So what
 
 Wjat does sowet what mean?
 
 You all ready said you had capstone. I didn't say anything. You confuse mange
 
 ?
 
 Okay sowet what
 
 We are handing in our proposals today.
 
 Whatever
 
 I still have capstone at 4pm
 
 It should clear me up
 
 This was the esoc courae with the selfie pic teacher phd student
 
 Eew
 
 I still have capstone
 
 So now im eating a feel better pizza. Fuck it. Buffalo and Alfredo sauce.   Mozzerella and ricotta with garlic buffalo chicken and bacon
 
 You coming home then?
 
 Weird
 
 My class got cancelled.... An hour before n the middle of am email about extra credit.....  Wth?!  And the subject was (extra credit lecture)
 
 lol
 
 Sooo not happening
 
 Lol chior hot put late ive got. Minites to get across campus
 
 seriousl hough who does ha
 
 Lol
 
 Lexi changed her profile to a pick of her newborn. Normal. Its decorated with emojis and drawn on hearts....shes fucking 28 years old
 
 Last work weekend is the 19th weekend so theres enough time to get a person and me train them
 
 
 
 Fuck them we will be permenantly delinquate while being caught up
 
 Lol
 
 Paid still won't let me pay the past due fee rofl
 
 Pay
 
 Pay mortgage our wait?
 
 you gonna be home soon?
 
 Lol. Yup yup yup
 
 Yeah yeah take credit for the tastes of a kid......12 years your junior.....that is realistic
 
 I tend to hit b instead of space
 
 Or i taught
 
 ? orbibtaught?
 
 Lol orbibtaught them well
 
 so apparently in your genes somewhere
 
 your brother messaged me about...doctor who and shit and then I was like part of the reason we had amazon before was doctor who now I am exchited for the whole thunder cats stargate fraggle rock and he was like I NEED AMAZON NOW BECAUSE THAT SHIT. and then I said mikey got teen tiatans original and he was like OMG WHY CANT I HAVE?
 
 Lol.  Why retro shit gene?
 
 one I JUST PROVED the right to call your brother a kiddo by telling him i am 2x his age. two. I think you like me because apparently it is in your genteics somewhere to be fond of a bitch who likes retro shit
 
 Kk
 
 it says jt21 1/4" 6mm\n5/16" 8mm\n3/8" 10mm
 
 Idk lol
 
 why would I know
 
 Kk. Do youbhave thebsize we need?
 
 just need staples
 
 we have a staple gun
 
 Lol kk so 2 50ft cords and a staple gun
 
 but xboxes....thats the stupid interweb being not okay on its way to the xbox
 
 so comp problem not the damn interweb
 
 the computer is slowish but that is normal be3cause compueter. ITs slow is equal to the wait between me typing and it showing up on the moniter
 
 honestly thats the only way tio protect it. straight up the wall to the ceiling around
 
 down the corner and straight to the xbox. might as well get two so mikes isnt in they middle of the fucking room when I cavvum
 
 I might as well get like 2. 50ft and a staple gun lol
 
 We used the blue one right? That was brand new.
 
 kk
 
 which it is under the toys currently
 
 Kk. Ill try to remember and get one either at school or sws
 
 so its either all the vid apps and sign in or....eithernet got kinked
 
 ours
 
 according to non cox we are at 250 cox says 380
 
 Lol. Mikeys? Or ours??
 
 but amazon is a cunt
 
 I tested the speed and its fine
 
 netflix is a little janky
 
 we need new ethernet cables for the damn xbox. Im about to fucking kill it
 
 ?
 
 Heading to car. Need me to pick up anything?
 
 
 
 
 
 Ya. Ill check the company out when i get home
 
 Yeah no i like the first one uou sent me better because it says shipping is 155.
 
 Because normal price is like 800 amd its on sale
 
 Ya but this doeant state if the beds are included
 
 https://www.elitedecore.com/item--Solid-Wood-Twin-Stackable-Triple-Bunk-Bed-4003-PC--3003pc.html\nThey have this one for 100 more but it doesnt have shipping price. 
 
 That's about what we were anticipating right?
 
 Shipping is only 299 or something it said. So yhats 600 or 700. Can buy cheap thin matresses from walmart for like 70
 
 299 plus shipping.   No beds. How cheap are mattresses
 
 https://www.elitedecore.com/ccp51/cgi-bin/cp-app.cgi?rrc=N&amp;affl=&amp;pg=ste_prod&amp;ref=custom_triple_bunk_bed
 
 Boo... Ill think.... Hmmm.... Chior starting.. Mwah love you ttyl
 
 http://www.amazon.com/Twin-Triple-Bunk-Chelsea-Home/dp/B00DF0I2A2
 
 No and every other triple including that model....from anywhere else is about 1200 i found it on amazon
 
 Walmart doesnt have a triple do they?
 
 The rippoff report is likeduh your not stupposed to swap it back and forth daily. You assembled it wrongif its gouging the wood and then you broke the damn thing. \nSo from them i get either idiot people or crap suctomer service\nThe other one the first one is probably he wasnt specific because they have weird plus this minus this shut\nI dont know\nDo what you want. I said fucling Wal-Mart so just tell me what the hell you decide but it needs done soon
 
 What do you think?
 
 Theres about equal good and bad reviews for them
 
 http://www.ripoffreport.com/r/The-Bean-Bag-Store/Mineapolis-Minnesota-55420/The-Bean-Bag-Store-Totally-Kids-Another-disgruntled-customer-Mineapolis-Minnesota-514277
 
 http://m.yelp.com/not_recommended_reviews/bean-bag-store-minneapolis
 
 I want to trust you but I am to intelligent to fall for that ruse. I cant look to see if you have been true to me because there would be no way to prove you havent cut loose
 
 I havent checked to see if you have lied to me because what is the point
 
 I am stuck here until you anoint some other bitch to be me and I dont catch you and your tirckery. Theres no way I will ever trust you
 
 because I was the one to bust you
 
 but any time I wuestion your ass
 
 you act like Im full of sass
 
 it isnt sass its self preservation
 
 you act like you are alone in a position to make a point. you arent. you treated me like shit I stupidly came back to you just to make you quit fucking whining everythime I left the house. Now you walk around whining that things have changed. Well fuck you you promised me things like helping aroudn the house or paying attention to me all which went to crap the minute that we were "together" again. But you still cant see why I dont trust you. Even when beggingin and negotiating with me you couldnt keep your word. But you know I should trust you. I may be stuck here
 
 I may be stuck in a "relathionship" with you because my morals tell me so
 
 I may care about you
 
 love you even
 
 because I am an idiot. But you can guaretnee I dont trust you as far as I can throw you
 
 I dont believe you give a shit about me
 
 and the minute the kids are grown
 
 I am leaving and fucking everything that can fucking move and is over the age of 18
 
 because I figure that point
 
 while theiy will all be your sloppy seconds
 
 something is better than nothing. And at least your ass will give interesting convorsational points
 
 with .....I didnt mean it\nwhat I just said i didnt mean it
 
 its all in my head
 
\nI know your true thats what you said youd do and all thats left is for me to learn to trust you \nexcept.....\nfuck you\nIt wont happen now you cant yell at me tI dont know how to make you see
 
\nit wont happen any time soon\nyour a walking fucking cartoon\nno matter what you say\nits bullshit eitherway\nyouve turned into ACME\nsince the truth is something past me\nyour full of shit\nI cant trust it\nbut god forbid you deal with that\nbecause god knows you dont deserve that\nI didnt mean it
 

 
 I cant escape this purgatory of you
 
\nbecause one of you is evil and both of you are the devil\nwhat the fuck am I supposed to do
 
 \nthere is no way to fucking escape you
 
\nmy heart keeps telling me there has to be better
 
\na man who knows how not to fuck all the heathers
 
\nbut instead Im stuck with you
 
 \nand thats just what you wanted too
 
\nusing my own morality against me
 
 KNOwing I wont dump you all the way till you agree
 
\nnow Im stuck with you with no chance for something for me
 
\nIm permanenetly in this place
 
\nwatching you act like a disgrace
 
\nwaiting for the kids to grow\nso I can leave and say I told you fucking so\nthere has to be something better for me
 
\nthen a man who half asses everything\nthen a man who cant be serious
 
\nwho swears and batck tracks within a week or less\nI need someone just for me
 
\nand you it is not
 
 even I can see\nbut here you go saying you love me again&lt;\nand I am back to playing the game again
 

 
 Its like mr. Jekyl and Dr. hyde but I cant tell which ones on my side\nI hate you and want to go away
 
 \nbut then something just screams stay&lt;\nI dont know what you want me to do\ngod fucking knows I cant trust you\nobviously you cant be trusted\nsince you were so often busted\neverything you say is a lie\nand it makes me want to die\nhow am I supposed to be with you\nif you cant fucking be honest too\nyou swear you are and you love me too \nbut would you believe her if she was you?
 
 I didnt mean it when i said by
 
\nI didnt mean it\nyou have a split personality I dont know what I see\na good father and spouse a womanizer
 
\na bastard a louse a fucking liar
 
\nI cant look at you
 
\nI dont know what to do&lt;\nI love you and I hate you \nno matter what I say to you \ni didnt mean it
 
 \ni dont know why
 
\nI didnt mean it\nI cant stay her I am unwell\nbut if I leave its also hell\nI wake each day not knowing who\nI am waking up to\nyou wear each face with such conviction\nI spend each day wondering which one\ni am talking to \nand whether what you say is true\nI didnt mean it. \nI dont know hos to fix what is happening here\nall I know is there is no day where we are in the clear&lt;\nyou could spend all day with me and stil I would doubt
 
 \nbecaust you spent a half hour in the bathroom talking to a whore I have no doubt
 
\nI didnt mean it
 
\nI know what I said
 
 but there are two of you inside my head
 
 the man who is worth all I give and the man who doesnt care and just wants to live
 
 \nno matter what I do it seems to be me and you
 
 \nand no matter what I do its you vs me too
 
 \nthere is no way around this purgatory that weve found
 
 \nI want to leave bt stick around and I dont know what to do
 
\nabout me
 
 about you
 
 \nI didnt mean it
 
 I didnt mean it when I said HI 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 They judge all night. Winners announced tomorrow at 9am on their website
 
 Kk
 
 Heading home
 
 Seriously...apparently its in fucking lettuce
 
 Holy muddafuck
 
 Limited fruit types no tomato careful cheese no sourdough no cans no jelly no jam no soda gatorade juice read labels. 
 
 Kk. Any idea of how we can mitigate this
 
 Citric acid allergy is apparently turing into some kinda of fucked reaction that is causing bruising
 
 kidneys to get screwy and her intestines to get screwy. Mike is gonna come get her so dont worry right now. hes gonna take her in for me. But I will still need to shop like crazy person tonight because this is getting ridiculous.
 
 Citric acid.  Im confused whats going on?
 
 You said c.a.
 
 ?
 
 hello
 
 I called after hours doc. Apparetnly I need to take her in to urgent care. So as soon as you can get home that would be good. It isnt and EMERGENCY
 
 but because she is still sick to her stomach and having trouble peeing they are worried about her kidneys and want her checked out
 
 Oh. Citric acid
 
 Rene detox?
 
 I need to go buy some groceries. Renes going on a complete detox of c. a. and its gonna be a bitch.
 
 Getting ready to start judging demos. Mwah mwah
 
 No. Kris the car killing child ignoring fucktard cannot drive my kids in a fucking tank. No nono ninono
 
 Yeah well now shes just taking the van and the kids and going to be late to work because i wouldnt cave. Sorry....
 
 Hmm.. Lemme think... Fucccck u tanya
 
 Wow wtf
 
 So my moms a cunt bitch again. Ive talked to her daily but she forgot she has to go right to work today so kris is gonna have to drive my kids in the white van. No mom. Well then you can come. No mom. Well guess they wontgo for a few weeks. Guess not mom
 
 Kk mwah love you babe. I have a crap load of homework after babies go bed tomorrow and nap time
 
 There ya go i guess. Imma bed church kids am
 
 not planning on winning but we are applying to the health section
 
 so we will actually be presenting tomorrow :)
 
 There ya go
 
 and did a quic troubleshoot for us
 
 and a guy who does mobile development walked by and said hi lol
 
 we had basicallygiven up like 3 hours ago
 
 Yay?
 
 got a 'mostly' functioning demo proof of concept
 
 eh dont care. The living children are asleep
 
 Lol nice.  Want me to come hone?
 
 Our "adopted" son knocked over everything on the counter when I yelled for the kids to go to bed. I then repeated myself. And now weirdly feel like I am being hugged
 
 Kk
 
 little ones are a bed the three others are watching the downstairs television
 
 613pm bed bed bed
 
 kids are making me crazy right now I swear to the monkey gods my unholy demon spawns need to be sanctified
 
 Just looked it up lol
 
 Lol 40$ mini copter 
 
 Lol.  Adult supervision required lol
 
 ...Kids will break it in five minutes
 
 
 
 Iwon a mini drone kids'll live it lol
 
 Mwah mwah babies \nMwah mwah mwah you
 
 Lol cute babies :)
 
 they are arguing
 
 no daddy work
 
 "Daddy night night"
 
 "Daddy Sony hi"
 
 The twins say "no daddy work. Daddy he go work. Mommy home. "
 
 Coming home to sleep for a couple hours
 
 Love you. Mwah.  
 
 Have fun:)
 
 Hard to have thoughts when you are a walking student full of booze
 
 sex
 
 and fucking "OMG MY PARENTS ARENT HERE"
 
 ....YES. because that idea was better.....see college students are fucking obsessed with shit that means nothing. tracking your kids
 
 tracking your spouse
 
 your taxes
 
 your cell phone
 
 your oncoming dementia
 
  tracking your house. your budget
 
 your shoes
 
 all more important then anything you just mentioned.
 
 No. We initiallybwere going to do gps tracking through the apple watch for automated updated on marathon runners. But the gps update tie-in code is too complicated for what we have time for
 
 they bought fucking fit bits didnt they
 
 whatever. college students are fucking retarded children. proof above and more proof in the fact that some of their dumb asses would use that fucking retarded ass ap.
 
 But withvthis uou dont have to spend money to do it.   And its a project thatbis achievable for us lol so we can enter
 
 that is honestly the dumbest fucking thing I have ever heard when they have fucking accounts that round up to a dollar every time you spend money
 
 We are developing a phone app that you set an insignificant amountbof money to be transferred to your savings account after walking so many steps so you save money without noticing while doing your daily routine
 
 uh huh
 
 Mwah mwah mwah :)
 
 uh huh love  you too
 
 Lol mwah love you
 
 uh hu. I am being drunk its 1 am you think i am sober?
 
 I was being sarcastic babe
 
 Yes what with me informing you and shit and being honest and oh wait telling you as I am talking to them. I am a horrible horrible human being I mean right now he is on his way over to fuck me obviously because I live ten fucking minutes away and I am whore like you.
 
 Meany tryin to sneak peoples in while im working all weekend
 
 he seemed sad I didnt tell you because guilt so I informed you
 
 Tak tsk :p
 
 hes also against it because Id cling
 
 just so you know
 
 I messaged Justin and told him he should live in my basement so I could have hugs when I want them because he is good at comfort hugs.
 
 Don't think this will aid in the trying to look less gay thing.. Huh? Rofl
 
 Haha
 
 
 
 Lol no answer \u260e?
 
 Fuck this
 
 Get in car... Start car...migraine...same time past 3 days
 
 Lol u know you want it
 
 
 
 Just got done heading to \U0001f697 sounds yummy. I love gravy lol
 
 theres more if you are still hungry when you come home.
 
 I made pork chops and gracy for dinner. Adam actually ate it all. in like five minutes flat.
 
 Mwah love you
 
 If y randomly talk to cheri can u get the name of the va doctor that Steve went to? She said if i was gonna go she had a doctor i should see
 
 
 
 Mwah mwah tickle tickle poke poke ;)
 
 Love you too :)
 
 Ass face
 
 Night night babe mwah live you
 
 Hehhehehehe
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Back card ##
 
 What
 
 I hate you
 
 Better?
 
 Large peperoni
 
 black olive ham
 
 sausage and extra cheese.\nAnd a large buffalo ranch chicken pizza with bacon
 
 no onion
 
 Mwah love you babe
 
 Either pep. Or buffalo ranch chicken no onion.  \nMikey lrg pep or\nPep extra cheese black olive ham n sausage
 
 K tell me watch a want and ill order it
 
 Kk he just got done.   I got gas and we gotta stop by the computer store. They have a charger cheaper than walmart
 
 Waiting on mikey now hes finishing paperwork
 
 I noticed while i was eating lunch at fuku \U0001f363 ive eaten there once this semester now. Never going back lol too fucking expensive. Especially when you dont pay attention to what ur eating
 
 Yup
 
 We should order pizza fr dinner
 
 Papa johns largev1 top 50cents with purchase of a large becaus eof super bowl
 
 Dc legends of tomorrow tv show look ot up rory is lead
 
 Ummm......
 
 
 
 We should buy the rooster
 
 :(
 
 The giraffe and rooster are for sale
 
 
 
 Happy valentines day lol
 
 
 
 
 
 And cost of living skyrockets and the economy collapses
 
 
 
 
 
 1349
 
 
 
 Everything is dying
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 No.. U cant have him
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 .....
 
 Mwwwah
 
 
 
 No
 
 :(  pwease. Pwetty pwease
 
 I want more of them
 
 No next movie bwahahahaha
 
 Objective continues to be completed.:)  mwah snuggles after 
 
 Full laugh. Ttyl emotional moment movie
 
 Got a smile :)
 
 Hahaha who the fuck you think you are? Little wayne
 
 My woman. Amazing perfect. And mine mwah
 
 (bad quotes)   thirsty ass mudafuckas tryin swoop in gonna get stomped\n\n\nLmao
 
 If it aint me ill killem.... 
 
 ??  Who... Ill killem
 
 ... Yes three times today 
 
 
 
 :)
 
 I already cleaned it twice but kids are evil
 
 Om doin the effort now :)
 
 Damnit but i dont want to. Effort and shit. Blech. Ugh i have to do laundry and clean livingroom. . . . blech
 
 Buut... Im yours.. So deal wit it hehe
 
 Yuuup
 
 Sill man
 
 Mwah
 
 Lol. I meant sonetime. Not now. Lol now i just want seeeeeexxxxxx:)
 
 Sore stiff ouch
 
 Y?
 
 Wont happen
 
 Wont teach ya?
 
 Nope
 
 I wanna tie u up and beat you ;)  thatll teach ya
 
 Nope never
 
 Meany... :p
 
 Lol
 
 \U0001f622\U0001f622\U0001f64d\U0001f64d
 
 No 
 
 Lol u miiiiiiiissss me?
 
 I wouldnt miiiind
 
 Do u want me tooooo
 
 If you want to
 
 I know.   So was i.  Want me to bus?
 
 I was just asking
 
 When mikey out of work. Unless u want me bus
 
 Whenhome?
 
 Hehehhe
 
 You got issues
 
 ;) :p \U000fe32a\U000fe329\U000fe194\U000fe194\U000fe194\U000feb5b\U000feb5b\U000feb5b
 
 
 
 Mwah mwah love love snuggle wuggle. 
 
 Mwah
 
 Lol. Ok. Have fun alone watching clueless. Weirdo lol
 
 Clueless 
 
 Movie?
 
 Bitch
 
 All of them
 
 Gtg back to movie. Then noght time. Sophia no donut in morning she stole all mu open cookies
 
 \U0001f47f\U0001f61d\U0001f61c\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\U0001f604\U0001f609\U0001f60d\U0001f618\U0001f618\U0001f60d\U0001f618\U0001f60d\U0001f618\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\U0001f61a\U0001f61a
 
 Yep 
 
 Nuh uh...
 
 Moron 
 
 Mwah mwah mwah\U0001f60d\U0001f618\U0001f618\U0001f618\U0001f618
 
 Mwah
 
 $441.00 in my cs account by January first
 
 you are beautiful to me
 
 you make me happy when I make you smile. I love being close to you and holding you. and wouldn't change anything about you :) you are beautiful. You are beautiful to me babe You are amazing
 
 .......i am not beautiful i will not ever be but im cuteish and a good person sort of and i responsible even when i dont want and i take care of all the people and things no matter what. And i care abour even stupid heads and i put myself in harms way and i do the things. 
 
 
 
 finishing up Lab right now. lol just waiting on them telling me I can leave. lol
 
 School your in school...dp school things
 
 Look at this amazingly sexy and beautiful woman that's on FB right now? :)  You :) mwah
 
 
 
 
 
 :(
 
 They too. Dumb with speedway lol
 
 Ugh im hungry now
 
 tired
 
 xan the kids walk home alone?...
 
 Lol
 
 Fuck no
 
 i dont want frozen yogurt and by that time of day i honestly just want to sit and pretend im not an on duty parent. 
 
 Then qe both go :p
 
 No. No no no no no no no no no no. Just forget i said it. Its fucking not going to work. Just take adam and saundra after dinner to the yogurt place or some shit. 
 
 Idk. I want something not regular for the kids
 
 Hmm... Eegees?
 
 Wedbesday is next week. Next week is t today. Which means i wont wantt o do crap at all
 
 which means
 
 pointless
 
 ?
 
 Besides wednesday is not today and therefore is pointless
 
 Then im going to fucking sleep all day and you can ve daytime parent
 
 Wed i thinkvtheres no school
 
 Theres nothing to do
 
 you dont come home early enough for it to be worth the fucking effort. And im just done with today. And i still have to go get the little asswipes from school. Id love to just pack up the kids and go out to eat tonight but they wont last that long and neither will i. 
 
 Hmm... Gotta thinkbof something
 
 Boo. Thats too much fucking effort. Id rather just not. I dont know why i thought it was a good plan. Im going to have to snack the kids at four then listen to them whine they are hungry till you and mikey get home at 6 something with food then saundra and adam are gonna comolain they arebt getting bk. Its just fucking pointless 
 
 Hmm.. Bk rest.   Applebees me u adam saundra?
 
 Thats poibtless to me
 
 But then i have to cook food to go out to eat
 
 Eh. 
 
 Thats not fair
 
 Make up for frozen yogurtbthing
 
 Unless we applebees with just adam and Saundra tonight?
 
 Fucj it. 
 
 Blech. 
 
 Then beginning week all the kids
 
 You dont have last vlass till like five something theb you take forever to get home. Tomorrow and weekend yiur gone. 
 
 I get out at 445 pick mikey come home
 
 ?   
 
 You wont be home till like 8
 
 Fuck peter piper
 
 Today is Thursday
 
 \U0001f627
 
 ?
 
 Unless we wait till wed (vet day) and go to. Peterpiper or sonething....
 
 But your not gonna be home tonight anyway:(
 
 Yeah so 80 bucks less because no Rene 
 
 Applebees. Like 8 a person
 
 We should go out. Chilis
 
 applebees
 
 red lobsters too expensive
 
 furrs lol
 
 Then where?  And order outbor order in?
 
 But ihate chinese
 
 Lol thatvwould be why i said chinese. Lmao 
 
 Yep. Too much. We could do........hmmm sonething else
 
 That'll be.  $$$$$$ \U0001f4b0 \U0001f4b0
 
 \u263a
 
 \U0001f363
 
 Sushi
 
 :(
 
 Lol.  Chinese lmao
 
 We should take the kids out to dinner tonight lol
 
 Lol.  Hmm what to do with 75$ lmao. Put all cs in hidden place? Or blow the fuck out of her first childsupport amd frame the damn receipt lmao
 
 Its not his money its "our money" its 75 bucks. Its not a huge amount
 
 She win the damn lotto?
 
 I assume his paycheck
 
 How she have $?
 
 Yes. Lol i giggled when i saw it. I immediately pictured her cranky face as she made a transfer payment to the clearing house. And i giggled with glee. Like a bad bond villian with hand rubbing and everything
 
 Child support
 
 Oye?
 
 Ugh like i wanna drive out to fick of nowhere
 
 Tara lol close
 
 By who? Satan?
 
 We got invited to a new yeats party
 
 K
 
 Van should be ready by the time you guys get there
 
 K headed to the vet center too print
 
 of the application for nutrition assistance please
 
 I need you to print out page 16
 
 the signature page.
 
 https://www.azdes.gov/main.aspx?menu=162&amp;id=5209
 
 Grrrargh
 
 I know that they seem stupid 
 
 Still... 7 kids at grievy celebratory life stuff.... Not gonna go well.    (why they sad...)no no no no
 
 Its the reception at cheris
 
 food. People thats it
 
 I think u should stand firm on no babies. Because sophia.  No no no no no no
 
 Or mom will come and pick up the babies. And im like. Why? Why in fuck do you need babies
 
 Thwy asked me
 
 i said no then they were all crazed and dressing and mom came and took them and im sittibg here like fucking a and now i have to shower myself and three kids to go to a fucking reception. 
 
 Grrr.... Good thing they didn't ask me
 
 Since its a church in a school i dont think its going to be all open coffin
 
 Yeah no fuck
 
 Adam and Saundra are screwed
 
 Thats qhat i said but mom was all hey you guys wanna go and they were all YAH LETS GO AWESOME fucking a they have nightmares or fits im callong her ass to deal wirh this shit
 
 Boooo...  Kids no funeral...... Boooo
 
 Oh i was just going to complain i cant escape the steve shit. Mom came and took the big kids to the funeral and now i have to nathe me and the little ones to go to the reception at cheris because apparently NO osnt clear enough in my family
 
 Span placement friday.   Thesis meeting Mon..\nMath placement Wed
 
 What's up
 
 Lol
 
 I don't know why it troed to call you
 
 Allen Phillip missed a call from Nikkole.
 
 Like id know
 
 Check the scedule for the new training. I have to get it done before November
 
 Kk
 
 Kk im running to trf ttyl
 
 Still need to a sc hedule the math one
 
 And next friday at 330 i have my spanish placement exam
 
 Still have a high A in piano sonehow lmao
 
 I have to disappear to the besroom when i get hone. I had another project due yesterday.  In the class where I've already missed one. Imma turn it in tobight and send him and email saying i forgot about it because i was stressed about court.  I didn't think i was. But im so scattered right now
 
 Yup
 
 You have problems
 
 Lol Thpughtvot was funny
 
 Really.....
 
 
 
 Whatever floats your boat. You take time to take them to court. I aint got the energy for it.
 
 Per their guidelines . so if they do it. Then i can bitch
 
 It's illegal
 
 whatever floats your boat. You get pissy
 
 ill jump through hoops.
 
 Because based on my income only.   And our bills we stupid broke
 
 ok
 
 They cant use cs or va or loans or grants lol. Per their guidlines.so if we get denied or lower due to either of those. Then imma flip shit
 
 And you getting pissy everytime does not aid it getting it done in time to be fixed next month
 
 thats how they do it
 
 they want ALL income to be verified then they decide if it counts or not
 
 Becasue they fucking need it. I have to give my child support info everytime and that isnt used
 
 Tell me again why they need my va stuff?
 
 
 
 k
 
 Haven't looked at it
 
 Ok
 
 Ill call them when i get done eating. Lab got out early
 
 Do I need to call firestone....
 
 https://gibill.custhelp.com/app/answers/list
 
 Wth
 
 tuition parking passes food plans etc
 
 And wtf about expenses?
 
 Ill keep looking
 
 Somewhere
 
 Fs never needed it.. Amd we have a copy in the file
 
 Stupid va
 
 Va doesnt have a website with ot archived.  Its just thr paper
 
 Do I need to call firestone or will you get a chance to?
 
 Ill upload those photos from my phone but itd be easier if there was a thing.
 
 So make sure to get what you can saved to your laptop so I can upload it tonight. Does the VA have a website? or something
 
 a piece of paper that says I can do medical for you
 
 and then your school shit. Trf is easier.
 
 That peter piper shit took forever
 
 Finally done. Proof of my terminated income
 
 things i need to turn in by the eighth
 
 They have proof of tweminated.   
 
 proof of terminated employment
 
 ?  What?
 
 gi
 
 authorized representative
 
 student income expenses list
 
 And i dont have a digi copy of the va cert letter
 
 Yes because getting angry with des is useful
 
 There is no physical copy of financial aide.  So there.  And my college....tuition....aid..... SHOULDN'T DUCKING MATTER
 
 
 
 Grr
 
 I just caught sophia going for the scissors again....
 
 Its at the hhpuse. Lol and u said it was all top shelf.  
 
 I have them in mine but itd be easier to scan the damn paper then upload fourteen photos of half the page and have them bitch
 
 My message logs cut off at 2weeks
 
 Ill check message logs
 
 U sent pics of the gibill thing to me once i think.  But i dont see itnin my pics
 
 I dont know
 
 What? When the hell did student loans start applying?
 
 and loans I dont have
 
 I need a copy of your gi bill and student aid shit. I still cant find your copy here
 
 No she is still typing. we barely got to your income
 
 All done?
 
 one hour and twenty minutes.....
 
 No fuck
 
 Des blows
 
 ONe full hour into DES interview..........STILL GOING
 
 Class starting now.    I was smoking. And need to charge laptop lol
 
 Shouldnt you be doing homework or in class or something 
 
 Sure i guess. Whatever. I made pork if you want it
 
 Want food?
 
 Im out of smokes.....and pop.......im crabky now. 
 
 Kk
 
 livingt room done
 
 entry way done
 
 dishes going. Waitngig on saundra to finish homework so I can do kitchen
 
 pretty much once...daily
 
 maybe everyother day
 
 Pointed out once
 
 Yeah no blame just constant pinting out
 
 Physically exhausted i can deal withm im mentally and physically  exhausted. Anywho. I said i wasnt blaming.   Anywhoooooiiii...  My legs knees wrists back and head are killin me
 
 GTG
 
 cleaning time again.
 
 Not my problem
 
 and sex just makes you physically exhausted. You really just need to sleep when you can and stop staying up watching tv and playing on your phone and watching those stupid videos. You probably waste about four hours a day screwing around instead of getting shit done or sleeping. Youd have more time if you didnt do that shit and maybe would get more sleep and would not be so tired......
 
 Ive been burned out for like two weeks.   And havent had that one thing that tends to bounce me back with endorphins. (not complaining/...well not blaming)
 
 Youve got to start doing things right. Come home
 
 do homework
 
 sleep. No video games tv. Sleep. Or your gonna burn. 
 
 Hypo...theoretically....  I have had 2 energy drinks and an 8shotte latte and im still dead
 
 Everything is done. I have done all the things. Car is through emissions and registered
 
 I went and double checked online with fs. I need to call them Monday. Chris is coming over on monday to see if he can fix the wheel on the van. Dinner is started
 
 I have enough food for the week. So all I need to get is Smokes and soda. Woot. Now just to clean the house for the second time today and I should be good right?
 
 
 
 I logged into your account thinking it would ding you after I already sent a message
 
 Attention yet?   What have you tried?
 
 did I get your attention yet? Call my phone
 
 I cant find t.
 
 
 
 then dont respond dumb ass
 
 Im in class
 
 well get some food and get to class or whatever. &lt;3
 
 Yup
 
 stupid loans.
 
 I can deal with being broke again
 
 once we pay off some shit.
 
 Ans then we'll be broke again lol
 
 Ya.   We need to pay 600 gma.   2500 to kelly.  I have a couple more books to buy . and the software license. 
 
 Odd...   
 
 I just want your stupid shit to drop so I can pay off the shit I need to pay off.
 
 Maybe
 
 bah for this month? cause school two weeks. I dont know what the hell it is. but yeah. 431.00
 
 Maybe....  Bah?  Idk
 
 ?  Thats confusing
 
 I dont know what the hell they gave you that for but eh
 
 288 dollar deposit from vaed treas
 
 ?
 
 400 something
 
 We have like 160$ i think
 
 eh.
 
 It made me
 
 Password12
 
 did you change the password on the bank account again?
 
 My limit was 1500 right?
 
 Got it down to 1371$ with a 32in monitor.  
 
 
 
 
 
 Got it down to 2100
 
 You are to be sleeping 
 
 Mwah.  Get some sleepy time. Mwah. Imma take drugs when i get home lol. Mwah mwah mwah love you night
 
 You are special. Sophas finally out. Now momma to bed in hope the kids sleep almost to eight....i can dream. Ttyl nighty night. 
 
 Lol
 
 My names ducky. Yep..that is what it is...yep yep yep
 
 Yup yup
 
 Be careful tomorrow 
 
 It waa pretty bad up here on the way in
 
 Blech. 
 
 I didnt see it.   Its a quick hill. I had walls of water going 45
 
 They charge you for rescue. 
 
 Idiot. I aint paying the stupid motorist ticket. 
 
 I did drive through a wash lol
 
 Grr sophia. I dosed her ass. So once it takes hold shell hopefully sleep through any more storm. Just waiting for it to kick in. Lol you are special you are. 
 
 
 
 Heres the kids sunday morning lol
 
 Hehe. Mwah mwahblove you. And now im a programming and pianonplayong....kitty. Lmao
 
 Dork we dont own a cat. They make me sneezy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If i was told you home at 10.  I might haveblocked door lol
 
 I told him that you wrre to sleep and he was in charge. Your both usless. I martyr my self for nothing
 
 Because it wasnt important. You were supposed to be asleep dumbass. 
 
 Je leaves out. Little..important details
 
 I mikey tols me at like 7 unwere getting a ride home from coworker\n Bit didnt say. 10pm lol
 
 Mom decided to get laid even though shes mad and apparently has another bf whom she is not fucking yet but texts all day. But isnt a bf. And roberts in a fight with her and she hatea him. I dont know. Its like the older she got the more she became an uninformed crazed hormonal relationship stupid teenager. 
 
 I dont know why
 
 And i figured ud be home atvlike 730 remember
 
 No only if im home
 
 :p
 
 Lol.  U yell when i lock door lol.  And yes you have yelled at me for locking while sleeping
 
 There is a lock on your door. So i made sure you could sleep
 
 and you didnt lovk the door
 
 didnt put your stuff away and i got stuck for three hours at work. Poop head. 
 
 Lol
 
 Mikey didnt notice.  Sophia came and told me (box is open
 
 Babies got into French horn
 
 Sophia kept coming in
 
 Eh.   I laid down around 5 i think. Maybe like 2 or e hours total
 
 Hahaha. She moves fast
 
 but shed moved on before she left. Shes lost her house
 
 her kid\n And a man who was crazy stupid enough to do whatever she wanted and provide her with her necessary meds and unnecessary ones. She had well
 
 the best life her crazy ass could get. Now shes all i lost my baby. No you left your baby. Ahe knew she wasnt coming back and she left him here. Hell be better for it. I hope her ex mom in law gets custody. Anyway. Did you actually sleep? I tried to make sure you could sleep. 
 
 She sent me a picture of her bfs dick lol (i deleted it)  and..wasnt impressed lmao
 
 Shes nuts. Literally and figuratively 
 
 Lol. Atbthisbpoint. Ots fun to fuck woth her.  She keeps thinking she can getbto kris through me since i dont like him
 
 I was bored. Also nudes of kitty....wow your a freak. Fat girls
 
 fluffy girls
 
 healthy girls no but anorexic heroine addicts oh yeah your boner pops for those. You have issues. 
 
 Assuming u were the one logging into my account? Lol
 
 No. Im attwmpting to keep myself awake. Sophia has lost it. The thunder hit so hard it woke her up terrified. I talked her down now shes mad at it for wakingher up. I will never sleep. Must amuse self keep awake
 
 Hi babe lol having fun?
 
 I am typing this while you are busy elsewhere. Because like us I dislike honest anger. Im just tired. Im tired of feeling like less. Im tired of feeling like I am a lackluster woman
 
 a lackluster mate
 
 and a craptastic spouse. You still ask for sex pictures from psychotic women
 
 if you werent in court youd be asking from them from Marissa. A woman that you spent all those years with
 
 you forgot all those things she had done and even after she was gone you put effort into making her life better
 
 into finding her naked. I know
 
 that I am crazy. I am aware of my anger issues. But I am tired. I am tired of bending over backwards for someone who finds me less than. Less than what? I take care of your kids
 
 your house
 
 I put up with you having other girlfriends
 
 with you spending my money on other women
 
 with you lying to me
 
 with you completely ignoring my ABSOULOUTE NO!s. I stand by you through all of it. I feel guilt when you call me on my behavior and attempt at my best to adjust to what you want. I do my best to be everything you could ever want in a woman and i am left feeling less then. less than your flavor of the week
 
 less than your career
 
 less than your wants
 
 your needs. I strive my hardest for an a+ and keep getting an f- and its hit the point it is showing. No I am no longer wearing your ring
 
 yes
 
 I am questioning our relationship
 
 yes
 
 I question your feelings for me
 
 yes
 
 I am not making your life as comfortable as I once was. Why? Because the hell I was in
 
 it downgraded
 
 Im in a whole new hell where you only vaguely aknowledge me when I piss you off or dont live up to your standard of bending over and taking it. I dont like it. I wish I could honextly say enough is enough but you know as well as I do that I just am stuck here because children. All I really want from you is a decision. An actual decision. Not this
 
 " I still love you and want to be with you" crap. A genuine decision. Its me
 
 just me
 
 me myself and I for a while
 
 or I get to have the freedom you do and at the very least find someone I like enough to support me. Am I it
 
 queen bee
 
 mother of kids
 
 house keeper
 
 cleaner upper
 
 end all be all alpha bitch in your life? or not. Explicit
 
 honest
 
 spelled out answers without prose
 
 flowery bullshit
 
 lies
 
 scheming
 
 manipulation
 
 etc. are the only ones that willl be accepted. Think about it. ttyl
 
 
 
 Fill balloons
 
 Drexel
 
 Cause youre getting off freeway. Slower in town
 
 Wtf
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Miles
 
 136
 
 Gas station ecig dead
 
 180mi to tucson
 
 :)
 
 Kids are excited
 
 Classic rock or county... Guess what we're listening to?  
 
 Love you
 
 
 
 
 
 I saw
 
 Sent pic
 
 In hatch.   Final gasup
 
 Mwah mwah mwah mwah
 
 No no no
 
 Mwah
 
 Fine... Renee for a 3some. Lmao.    Hahahaha jk
 
 You smokelike a mofo though
 
 My ecog as supposed to be equivalent to a pack....   Already sputtering
 
 Its not even eleven and in almost out of smokes. I smoked too much last night trying to stay awake till nenarie got home
 
 Um i hate all the women you "know"
 
 Oh. :(   y not? Lol
 
 No
 
 Haha
 
 Birthday coming up.... 3some? ;)
 
 Tard
 
 Lol
 
 I can decide if i want super rough and kinky our love y dove y
 
 Yippeeee.  Mwah love u
 
 We shall see\U0001f61d
 
 Please:)
 
 Mwah
 
 Neeed booze and sex
 
 
 
 Onroad
 
 See you in sevenish hours 
 
 Leaving.   Mwah
 
 As soon as she took my sandwich.   In the car we are now
 
 Yep thats normal
 
 Hot oatmeal all over saundra is what it would do
 
 Then halfway through.  Didnt want. Stole my sandwich.
 
 Yes you can whats it gonna do
 
 mess up youe pretty car
 
 Cant eat oatmeal incar can u
 
 Lol
 
 Oatmeal.....
 
 Be nice u said.     No yelling u said.      Dont reacclimte till hone u said
 
 Not seperate. No but sure whatever. I got crap to do. Im too busy to argue over this crap.
 
 I talked to them originally rememver
 
 they are separate. so we must bring both to a 0 balance
 
 past due and escrow
 
 Well yes but at the same time it doesnt add
 
 it just means we arent paying on the pronciple of its a thing. But whatever.
 
 yes
 
 so it we give them 10K. they pay escrow first
 
 No
 
 the escrow has to be brought back to 0. its negatibe balance will be taken out first. so it gets added to what we owe
 
 Thats why its negative atm
 
 No im talking to break even with the payments
 
 not counting escrow. Escrow comes from our payments. Its a percentage of what we pay
 
 you didn't look at the escrow did you?    we are closer to 15k behind hun
 
 ?
 
 Possibly rockband
 
 Just home
 
 booze
 
 No dont spend money still need eighteen hundred to break even.
 
 sound good.
 
 so.......... we're going to 4th ave. and I'm not going to be able to move int he morning.
 
 Okay well
 
 lets get drunk then
 
 .........
 
 jso my second choice is drinking until I forget about it
 
 I just ant to play the piano as fast as possibile on th4e sadest song ever.... and my hands don't go that fast.
 
 I can't think
 
 and I can barely move.
 
 Fuck of hell
 
 Holy fuck of hell
 
 they don't have that. I don't know where its coming form......
 
 I finally put something on fb
 
 and apparently grandma (and grandma only
 
 no one else will ever know) is sending us a check for 10K
 
 And i dont specifically need you home
 
 if you are doing things. Im just trying to figure it out. I was waiting on an answer. You said we might be getting money then....nothing
 
 you just typed well
 
 what?
 
 Or not
 
 Well
 
 How
 
 hun.... I need a drink.... I think we are getting 10K dollars........
 
 theres a concert at 7pm for my piano tea hers recital
 
 but I'm not required to go
 
 when do you need me?  all I'm doing currently is practicing for my piano final
 
 and looking over my stuff for my stats final
 
 Home time?
 
 phone died.
 
 Like i give a fucj
 
 phones dead. lol
 
 I'll pack it up in a minute
 
 kk
 
 No
 
 I figured you were making your first drinkg and you were out.l lol
 
 I didnt say i need pop right now i said bring home pop. Sheesh. Silly man
 
 Which is ehy no one likes you
 
 and I need coke
 
 even if I leave now its like 30 minutes until I make it home.
 
 lol kk.    I would say send him again and just tell him to get himself sushi. haha
 
 I know but i already had tosend mikey out and forgot to tell him to get pop
 
 I don't have the fs card
 
 I was just curious since its almost dinner time. When youdo come home bring pop
 
 I can head home whenever though.
 
 when do you need me home
 
 I'm coding and working on piano simultaneously.
 
 phone stopped working apparently. wont let me sent text. lol
 
 K
 
 we barely had enough left
 
 but I payed car insurance
 
 :p
 
 Sucks ro be you
 
 I have school:p
 
 Easter break. They gwt good friday off thats it
 
 ?
 
 No school period
 
 No school tomorrow Adam
 
 Grargh
 
 Sge thinks she can do the stuff the twins ans dopha do and only get in sane trouble. Het and the little three were the food fighters
 
 Grrargh
 
 She's not a fucking baby
 
 Comfortung screaming babies. Pissed as hell my kitchen is covered in mac abd cheese trying to figure out how to explain to saundra she isnt a fucking baby
 
 Watcha doing?
 
 K
 
 Remind mr
 
 Cant atm
 
 Tep? I guess pay then
 
 Not tmobile tep
 
 170 t mobile or they shut it off
 
 One of the days i wish i was wearing my later jacket. Ouch my fucking knees
 
 Speaking f which im going to store
 
 I wonder if geoff can represent in that suit. Haha. ( just tell him..this is why i can't pay you.  And you can take everything i owe you off of the settlement. Haha)
 
 Art this point mental distress is looking like 20k min
 
 Sue back to November
 
 They have to send it back into overview people. If they deny it again then sue. Atm its back to "pending"
 
 ?  What?
 
 Nope resolution shit
 
 i call next week.
 
 Is it fixed yet?
 
 we didnt turn in socials which werent asked for and they already have because otherwise we COULDNT have insurance. So basically
 
 they fucked up bad
 
 Why'd they tell us no?
 
 Talked to des. still talking to des. apparently yes we do have everything in
 
 yes we did as we were told
 
 yes they did tell us no but for once even customer sercive is on our side. they dont fix it this time we sue
 
 Nothing
 
 got your text... sent one back
 
 but went back downstairs so I don't have signal. whats up
 
 grrrrrr......................
 
 Adam had a bead in his ear. Apparently he used it as an ear plug. Ut got stuck
 
 and for some reason the thought of saying "hey there is a bead stuck in my ear " never popped into his head. Fn eight year old putting shit in his ear....
 
 ?  what now
 
 Nm jist info on stupidity of our children. Call me when you get chance
 
 in class whats up
 
 So the sooner youre home the better
 
 Aiden is excorcist vomiting all over mw
 
 I didn't
 
 sorry
 
 no reception downstairs
 
 if you sent anything after 'about 1/2' I didnt' get it
 
 they left a message just saying he was found in case I get a call from safety
 
 Adam ran away at school and hid for fourty minutes. They had to call in svhool safety. Laord said they called. Must have called you i have no calls
 
 If you need me
 
 My phone is almost dead and I'm in the practice rooms so no signal
 
 but I have my laptop open and charging.
 
 Yep yep
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Moms in hospital. Her vertigo kicked in again and they are worried shell dehydrate so they admitted her. We think she caught the cold and because she already has vertigo issues it was like bam cant move.
 
 Always. Sony and aiden are cranker butts but definitely on the upswing from yesterday.
 
 hey babe... kiddos still alive? lol
 
 she's staying away from apartments because her kids are loud. (and LOUD)
 
 Houses its a luck of the draw.
 
 Freak. Well theres some apartments in town that are like 1000 including utilities
 
 wait... I think I can bursuer the tux. wooo  credit card thingy. lol their is a suit place in the bookstore. downside... I want a real suit. lol
 
 with a range around 750-800 so.. hmm... we'll see how that works lol
 
 and shes looking at houses only. not apartments
 
 Theres one on north side too cortero i think and i 10ish
 
 Well theres Kolb
 
 southside
 
 northside and fifteen million groceries
 
 since its close to us. and not over on the fuck Tucson side of town. lol
 
 shes looking at trying to transfer to the kolb Walmart.
 
 Not the greatest neighborhood but eh
 
 thoughts
 
 tiffany is looking at something like this http://rentbits.com/rb/s/adpage-1A64066322312222-0-2-0-1431_N_Catalina_Ave-Tucson-AZ-85712
 
 :P  I just said tailor cuz you made fun of me. :P :P :P
 
 Oh god just give it to me. You could stitch it or fuck buy some fabric tape
 
 :P I'm soo taking it to a tailor :P:P:P
 
 chewed a hole through the inner lining (not the fur
 
 the part behind it. ) into my pocket
 
 I tell you not to leave stuffi n livingroom
 
 Thats what ya get. \U000fe32a
 
 well ya. lol oh... btw. captain ate part of my leather jacket last night. asshole.
 
 lol haha
 
 And i quote "full of gunk"
 
 Well he contemplated just pulling the pipe but figured hed have to cut and replace and itd be closer to four so we decided snake from roof
 
 that bad hun?
 
 lol do you have 5bucks?lol
 
 Yep he guesses 205 since he thinks its gonna be over an hour
 
 plumber still workin?
 
 MWAH
 
 Id say quit so your nicer than me
 
 Imma craigslist. lol
 
 Fuck that
 
 yup. black tux
 
 white dress shirt
 
 black bowtie
 
 black shoes
 
 black socks
 
 School should not require that much money spent after tuition
 
 Gay
 
 symphonic band
 
 Why
 
 I need to get a tux :'(
 
 lol
 
 Kk sophia says hot tea (luke warm tea) makes her mouffe and tummys feels good
 
 k lemme know the damage. and if he actually thinks we need the whole line replaced still
 
 In like fifteen min
 
 plumber?
 
 she's asked me to look for an apartment for her.  she hasn't asked about staying and I'm not going to mention it. she seems to be doing it the non 'couch crashing' manner
 
 We have mo room
 
 shes looking at transferring because she works at wal
 
art currently
 
 tiffany supposedly is moving to Tucson after school gets out and she gets are oldest daughter back
 
 So ... should I call and pay like 4500?  like today or tomorrow?
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Out of it and almost out of dish soap. Im trying to do things but my knee blew up then when kids got home cpt ran after the white dogs and i had to drag him back and dislocated my patella
 
 I sent in my resume. lol we shall see. lmao   I will make 20-30 hours available in my schedule for 2K a month. lmao
 
 Dishwasher soap
 
 Lol
 
 I'd say mikey
 
 but I don't think he could do it. or... even get hired. lol
 
 2 grand a month
 
 I wouldn't smoke for 20 hours a week.
 
 lol
 
 Thats a lie
 
 is that your only 'can't do it' thing? you could put in your applicatgion thingy that you do smoke
 
 but wouldn't smoke there
 
 etc..
 
 so no smoking for 20ish hours a week. lol
 
 It says nonsmokers
 
 for theoretically 20ish hours a week.   according to the description
 
 lol almost 2000$ a month.
 
 Sute in insane land
 
 lol fun fun. Think I could work it in? lol
 
 Also grandma sent a package. Fudge such love for fudge
 
 Cant i cant do it.
 
 ?
 
 I canr do it
 
 Job possibility
 
 http://www.careerbuilder.com/jobseeker/jobs/jobdetails.aspx?utm_source=job-recommendation&amp;utm_campaign=regular-rec-email&amp;HostID=US&amp;SiteID=cb_emailrec_US_pas_g2&amp;Job_DID=JHV27M5WH3B4GSG83CZ&amp;utm_term=2014-12-17&amp;je=myrec&amp;showNewJDP=yes&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;IPATH=JEHRAXP&amp;sc_cmp2=10_JobMat_JobDet  thoughts?&gt;
 
 Eh
 
 Already left.. Sorry
 
 Dobe today? You should bring home pizza or something
 
 two finals  tomorrow 
 
 one on  thursday
 
 No parking but ok lol
 
 His phones dead meet him at benches
 
 Headed he is
 
 Haha
 
 now mikey needs to be a gogo dancer. and I can be a lab rat. . lmao the all American family
 
 Yay us
 
 yup yup I'm still looking for internships for the summer. etc..
 
 Fingers crossed
 
 makes sense
 
 lol they need people who can waitress efficiently enough that being dogged on by men and women doesn't effect them as much.
 
 No they just assure your age appropriate asked me my serving and dancing background and took a pic of me for the owner. Apparently they need competent waitresses sooooo....
 
 so you had an 'audition' at raiders?
 
 Also my ankles hurt.
 
 lol fake actual confidence
 
 I lack the actualconfidence.
 
 why?
 
 Im so not meant for that
 
 fun fun fun
 
 Hey. Applied at tens and raiders. Tens isnt hiring raiders will get back to me after talking to owner
 
 hey girly girl
 
 Kk
 
 reboot your phone
 
 built a trumpet I'd eventually like something similar to. lol 5500$... WOW&gt;!
 
 
 
 lol made me think ofyou hun. lol
 
 So youll be home like ten because you spend everyday but friday with her.
 
 if Laura and I don't hang out then I get out of class between 615 and 630 depending on how long his 'WILL MAKE CHEATERS LIFES HELL' speech lasts
 
 When you home tonight
 
 lol \nthey are cheaper than a bike
 
 and fit in my car. lol
 
 Also fuck skateboards what are you twelve?
 
 Aiden climbed up on my lap to take a poop
 
 I keep thinking about getting a damn skateboard or longboard. I've been in college too long
 
 Lol
 
 Stupid women
 
 The 75$ chick. And she's 5'10 lol
 
 
 
 In jan....
 
 Aw...  W would be able to do some after my next semester loans drop
 
 Morgage
 
 You slipped that in there
 
 7k?
 
 Oh right
 
 clean out freezer....
 
 It is is just full of crap.  \nSo for me to do over next week. Buy toilet and seal and bolts
 
 fix downstair seeping pipe
 
 do all the above listed cleaning
 
 landscaping
 
 call des again
 
 fix hot water pipe attachment to washer
 
 get van new airfilter and run through emissions again
 
 if it fails take to mechanic
 
 get registered
 
 attempt to figure out how to find seven grande
 
 make you call loan place to check on modification
 
 cook thanksgiving dinner. Anything i forgot?
 
 New offer on what's you price 75 from one chick lol better than 150 from the other lmao.  And her ideal date is drinks and pool. Haha
 
 I call a grand and the van lmao.. We need to check to see if the freezer is working
 
 Theoreticall alnost that
 
 Art that point next month we'll get what 2k?
 
 I called this time to change the notation that i hadnt turned it in
 
 next week i call to verify that they have gone over my shit with the "missing" information and verify they have approved it.
 
 Why do you have too call then back again?
 
 Upstaies bathroom prettified
 
 got ahold of des again
 
 have to call again next week
 
 got the kitchen picked up
 
 livingroom needs to be vaccummed again
 
 laundry needs to be done
 
 hallway upstairs and hallway downstairs need vaccum and i need to clean downstairs and the kids rooms. I feel like ive done things but my to do list is still really lng.
 
 Lol :p
 
 Poor baby
 
 Bored. Class doesn't start for 28minutes
 
 ?
 
 No thanks. Its squicky
 
 lol  thoughts on you wanting or not wanting to do the dating site? lol
 
 Loves it
 
 So... hows not working going?
 
 especially since sex isnt' guaranteed. haha  wow
 
 (if a guy offers under 100$ he's cheap and wasting my time) LMAO   theres a lot of those.. HAHA  you should read the reviews. lol Hmm... you making 100$ to go on a date.... I'm ok with that. LMAO
 
 the reviews are hysterical for the dating price site. lmao
 
 Im tired i scrubbed kitcheb floor
 
 weirdo
 
 Monkeys in poo
 
 :P
 
 lol ok. lol Bananas.. in Pajamas.....
 
 Nummy
 
 Fried pbj and banana
 
 lol
 
 boooored
 
 Hello?
 
 paid past due on Cox
 
 Soo... the attorney is going to send Marissa the two settlement offers again
 
 and say that if we can't come to an agreement we are proceeding to trial. Happy Veterans day Marissa. (a little early. but hey''''present to me) lmao
 
 K...
 
 Idk
 
 What's wrong?
 
 No
 
 Lol. Feeling ok? Lol
 
 \U000feb9c\U000feb96
 
 \U000fe193\U000fe4da\U000fe195\U000fe4d6\U000fe823\U000feb12
 
 Lol\U000fe32c
 
 About 98%sure i aced that test lmao
 
 that I am doing
 
 I can't think of anything off the top of my head
 
 I don't know what my schedule is 
 
 I'll have to look after class
 
 I have to probably replace seal and washer in toilet
 
 recaulk it
 
 fix mailbox
 
 fix plumbing in main pipe
 
 clean house
 
 reorganize saundras clothes so we can find them
 
 organize and fix my closet
 
 find mikey a job. Oh are you picking up kids friday? I need to know this week and next week both. Thats all before sunday in theory. \nIm sure there is more shit im forgetting oh right continuing to deal with des. Etc.
 
 and work on designs for the contest. lol
 
 hmm list of things need to be done
 
 now
 
 later
 
 and would like to do
 
 Kk im at an appt. So imma sit here
 
 sitting like. And sit
 
 lol ok.. probably but not that I'm aware of.   I'm almost done with me second function on my coding homework and I'm waitin for ethics in the digital world to start so I can finish that test we are doing today
 
 I dont know yet. But your doing somethingi knows it.
 
 what did I do this time?
 
 ? howso?
 
 Your penis thinks not brain
 
 ? howso?
 
 Men you stupid penis heads
 
 ?  What was that?
 
 Uh huh
 
 Well I  working on it today with Laura anyways. So basically I'm getting monster for free lol
 
 Lol
 
 Weirdo
 
 I need to get my coding homework done so i can send it to tara lmao
 
 Apparently I'm getting a32 case of monster
 
 Well start drawing woman you can enter idea s sketches and models
 
 Si
 
 http://www.lovehoney.co.uk/design-a-sex-toy/competition-rules/ rules
 
 http://www.lovehoney.co.uk/design-a-sex-toy/ main page
 
 Per category. One entry per category. Our two ideas would be separate categories.  And the judges pick for each category (not necessarily the winner) gets 2k pounds. And then there are talks of manufacturing
 
 And it's 1000 pounds. Like 2k$
 
 Next contest not till new year
 
 In tv
 
 You look
 
 Not tomorrow together
 
 Look to see the payout
 
 Y?
 
 Idk havent really looked and because if we do it we need to go into a store and look around tomorrow
 
 Y not?  And how much is the contest
 
 No
 
 So I'm goingorder'research material' Lmao
 
 Its pretty simple
 
 basically the vibrating mechanism either needs to be moved up from the base of them to the clitoral region or there needs to be a secondary vibrator in the clitoral area.
 
 What about yours?
 
 You could have a default setting too. Like just an on off
 
 vibrate one. So on you control off its a whip
 
 vibrate it randoms when you smack.
 
 That's way simple then you don't even have the smack makes it vibrate:p. I could probably make that in a weekend lol
 
 No i meant like reg vibrator controls just on the handle. Like hold button down for the length of time you want it on and slide rolly thing to change frequency
 
 Basically the controls would be in the handle. But the timing delay would be difficult to program into a smack function. It's easier that the smack basically controls the intensity itself by how hard the whip hits
 
 You could even go simpler Nd just put the buttonsn on the handle of the whip so you can control speed
 
 intensity and timing. Smack vibrate little short period. Smack huge vibrate. Smack twice nothing. Etc.
 
 And we'll work on yours first. Mines relatively easy to make. Egg + whip(that basically when jostled activates the egg. I think the bdsm community would love it
 
 Why
 
 Fine I'm going tho order two vibrators then. A finger attachable one and a rabbit like one
 
 No time to store. Wed have to go together and no time soon.
 
 Fine.. Order two
 
 Y not
 
 No
 
 Hahaha. Go buy like two different vibrators
 
 :P
 
 Before prototype we have yup figure out the optimal place for your vibrations. In the strapless dildo lol
 
 Haha we dont have to prototype just design lol
 
 There..win the contest twice Lmao. You know this means lots of'testing' right ;)
 
 Lol yes
 
 yes. I really think a srtapless strapon that actually vibrates effectively in appropriate places would be useful too.
 
 You could do like an insertable egg that vibrates whenever the respective paddle is used lol
 
 Bdsm
 
 or pegging toys. But i think it might be hard to come up with an "Original" bdsm toy
 
 :p think I'm assuming you'd lean more towards bdsm
 
 Haha
 
 Lol well stage 1 developmental brainstorming is now stalled..thanks:p
 
 I dont know
 
 What would be your perfect toy then
 
 Lovehoney
 
 Who?
 
 They run a regular contest
 
 Lol. Also costs money for proto types and getting soomeone tho sell it Lmao
 
 I dont know yet. But me and mikey are watching frisky business and thats eome money
 
 Lmao. What did you have in mind
 
 We should design a sex toy. Moneys moneys moneys
 
 Eh
 
 Morning!
 
 llol
 
 you could see if Renee wanted to do our yard.
 
 lol poor baby
 
 She is tired but doesnt want bed.
 
 lol
 
 
 
 lol I'm keeping from saying that. lol and I already said I could come oover and watch her without touching and give advice on what I would think would look better but she shot it down. whatever. That was actually so she'd make more money but whatever. lol
 
 She could get a real job.....
 
 I'm trying with renee its just not working. she's pissy about the job
 
 hates it 
 
 and it makes her feel like a whore. other than that she's bitching because she made 16$ yesterday and spent 15$ on booze so she only made $1 working from 11-6.... I'm running out of things to say
 
 Good night gorgeous lady that's downstairs ;)
 
 (blue Nissan)
 
 or I will have to take the 200 again
 
 and if the van isn't done tonight
 
 someone willh ave to drop me off at school unless someone else is picking up kids
 
 if you have to push pedal to the floor to get brakes to engage at all. it sounds like the fluid is low
 
 which would mean a leak. so it needs to go to the shop. If the pedal was stuck down there would have been a lot more issues going on. reguardless
 
 since you work till late
 
  the sentra eneds to go to the shop tomorrow
 
 Chris is picking kids up for me morriw
 
 I dont work tomorrow
 
 Huh
 
 be careful. and we'll hopefully have the van tomorrow
 
 and I have to take the 200 again
 
 and we need to take the sentra to the shop
 
 the other would be the master cylinder and the other shit they fixed
 
 that sounds like we are low on fluid. and or need pads also
 
 kk that sounds like fluid.
 
 Petal to the floor for brakes to begin to engage. Sorry driving so stoplight messaes
 
 wait what?  peddle floor is ont descriptive... did you have to put petal to floor to stop? or will the petal not come up? I'm confused
 
 those are two entirely different things
 
 Cant check it right now. But its up
 
 brake fluid. ?
 
 umm.. that's new
 
 Petal floor
 
 sentra? ya I know. weird vibrating pedal still? I thought it went away yesterday
 
 Brakes
 
 whats up
 
 wow. lol
 
 Second floor down is the third floor.
 
 They are still trying to get it out. They just called me because they lost it. But then they found it.
 
 ahh.. ok
 
 Ots in the van
 
 charger?  we killed a charger?
 
 Yes you gave me sixty and i pulled out another sixty.  Gas food fir dinner feminine products charger etc
 
 coolio that its fixed. lol
 
 I gave you like 60 didn't I?
 
 Its fixed i fixes it ibway here needed gas  it just hadnt cleared my check till like eight is all. Theres about five eighty eight keft in there
 
 I should check the card again shcouldnt I? lol
 
 Haha
 
 and kinda wish I had money where I could have gone to the sushi place for lunch and gotten a DRINK. lol
 
 \U000feb59
 
 me too
 
 In tired
 
 y? lol
 
 Eg no
 
 lol guess? lol   we can go out and get drunk enough we need a cab home. lol tell rene to come along
 
 and have a FUck the world party
 
 I guess
 
 we still going out tomorrow night?
 
 Kk
 
 aight WOMAN. :P I be like startn dat ppr
 
 Nope
 
 you is too
 
 I aint your girly
 
 hey girly. Starting on my paper that is due tomorrow morning. lol
 
 lol well.. lol
 
 Lol
 
 then it would have been a bank error. lMAO
 
 I should've withdrew the 100 when I saw it. LMAO
 
 Si
 
 odd
 
 Nope still fifteen. It was rgf financial being pending yeaterday then going throigh today. There was like a gap in the process so it showed a hundred weve already spent dor a second
 
 kk.
 
 Ill go bank
 
 No mom was bringing it later.  I dont know the fick
 
 I checked the account at like 10 and it said we had 115
 
 did you already put it into account this morning?
 
 So i borrowed money you have car so i still have to pick up kids tomorrow
 
 Blech
 
 morning
 
 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=719732361453757&amp;set=gm.746182792113777&amp;type=1&amp;theater  15$ for a SHITLOAD of floor covers mat things... Downstairs billy adam floor?
 
 you online?
 
 lol
 
 Idk
 
 ?&gt;
 
 that always help. sWhy can't we know 'useful' people that work for contractors.
 
 Hes clean hs hired pretty much. Plus the guy he talked to knows the family
 
 They are desprate for clean people.
 
 fun fun he actually got a call back. That's a first. lol
 
 Mikey haf interview withthat alarm place.they are supposed to call him in for a second interview thenbackgriund checkdrug test. So about when i quit lol
 
 and I've only been here for 6
 
 lmao I only have 7 hours left. LMAO
 
 Ittll be fun
 
 Only eight hours of workahead of ne.
 
 me too
 
 Im tried
 
 lol
 
 More than that
 
 Ahh.. Still. Boo lol. Two weeks from slweping during nap time lol
 
 Two weeks from ninety
 
 Boo
 
 Tenth
 
 Kk you have what... A week left?
 
 Just peft
 
 Ok ill check it tonight unless you're hone and want to take a pic of it
 
 Under duck
 
 Yeah
 
 They send a letter?
 
 I dont fiking know
 
 I gave it tothe Damn school
 
 The ruling you gotta take it to ten ten tusd legal
 
 ? What?
 
 You have ro gi to ten ten i guess you never gave paperwork they are making threats about adam again
 
 The extra music classes that require no bookse should allow us to  Maxout
 
 Need s to be like nov 3rd so i can add the rest of my classes and certify so we can get the va money
 
 I have card. I gotta go bank. No money inbook.
 
 Fs card
 
 money in book?
 
 I lack
 
 Ditto two energy drinks and a Venti latte down already
 
 Seepy
 
 Y not?
 
 No
 
 having fun?
 
 Kk
 
 wow. I can't type. wtf
 
 kk dnd is tonight. I'll probably try to cut it a little short so that we can get stuff actually done. this whole 9pm dnd is startingto aggrivte me. lol
 
 I dont kjow. If you can clean the kitchen tonight. I gotta mop tonght when i get home. Its just nasty and mikey needs to take out recycling pick ups tomorrow.
 
 I am starting to dislike that school. and the bus system but you already know about the bus system dislike. lol   WHen I was in school and busses were late
 
 they radio'd the office
 
 who called the teachers on the intercom WTF! is happening to society
 
 It means thry left him on the call list as absent. Teacher had already done attendance
 
 smart kid. lol   and that shouldn't fucking count as 'absent' WTF!
 
 Bus was latw he went straightto class instead of getting late pass
 
 didyou find out why adam was marked absent?
 
 Silly
 
 hmmm... FB rant... Ooops
 
 loke does like drama :P
 
 I dont loke drama
 
 well its your thing. just hope betty doesn have me there with an idiot like Dominique
 
 and if she does that all hell will break  loose
 
 Dominiques not type
 
 Because if Dominique complains about you being in charge of disciplinary actions
 
 then betty gets fired anyways and you get in trouble.  if you tell Mike now. Betty gets yelled at and she deals with Dominique
 
 They fire her imma end up with a bigger idiotic t who is new in charge
 
 Why the fuck should i. I dont want to deal woth it. Its fucking stupid. And i like betty for all she is useless.
 
 she just tried to delegate corrective actions?  WTF
 
 umm no you don't have to deal with Dominique
 
 its her job and you aren't a supervisor
 
 I'm sick of this
 
 tell Mike
 
 He said he went over her head brcause she didnt answer and the car had a fpat. She said i have to deal with dominique
 
 i never did that. it just didn't get done. lol  then they started actually listening.   What did Betty say about the other chicky . and did Abukar say anything about why he is in trouble?
 
 I love running work errands on my way into work because there is no fucking time later. Gotta love being cheated outta six bucks.
 
 Kk
 
 I need to remember I have a 7 page philosophy paper to write by the 9th lol
 
 we can open an ice cream cart.
 
 lol  they don't like you... you're going to hell HAHAHAHA but I'll keep you companay
 
 I like nuns. You almost never meet a mean nun
 
 fun fun fun fun fun
 
 Nuns!!
 
 Yes less effort though
 
 moneys for kris.. not us lol
 
 Yeah moneys
 
 Yep
 
 you see dumbass looks like he got the job?
 
 great...
 
 Sucky
 
 at least its break. lol kinda feel bad for Mikey. how is he on cleaning up stuff.? lol
 
 Yep
 
 same as billy?
 
 Adam sick
 
 hola
 
 I wonder if it wouldwork at home.  I pushed the reset button on the bottom and tapped the top a vouple times. To be fair wed still be screwed cause i dont think the on plug under the sink works
 
 My python teacher banned me from talking the rest of class. HAHA so others could participate.   and... he wants me to keep him informed if I get the dDean approval and what his facial expression was on my schedule. lol
 
 fun fun
 
 Good. I just fixwddisposal at work
 
 taking courses that apply to all of my majors and minors. (no favoritism)
 
 I will knock out literally a year of schooling in one semester
 
 LMAO
 
 11 classes
 
 23 credits
 
 NO OVERLAPS!!! haha.... now.... just to get the approval of the Dean
 
 the Department head
 
 and get a pre-req override.
 
 Good
 
 oh.. I think I got my schedule dialed in for next semester if I'm still here.
 
 thank god. lol
 
 Kids no school morrow
 
 I've got a 2:30pm appointment with my ISTA advisor tomorrow. Who can we get to get the kids?
 
 text message answer. I'm in class. so I'm taking notes. lol
 
 ?
 
 k
 
 meza sorry :p
 
 Yep. I dont want to be pregnant.
 
 k took then long efucking nough
 
 Modification paper work is here. Put it on comp lab
 
 I miss you
 
 Did am
 
 need to ... or did?
 
 Um shopping i had to things get. Like foods
 
 lol  Still browsing through the shopping cart. lol
 
 I tried it annoyed me
 
 been busy. lol
 
 Need to fix
 
 we can't access rememver
 
 I don't know. lol
 
 Yeah so thats fourteen. ...
 
 2 days ago
 
 we only had like 200 left
 
 that what it said. Maybe it added the prorate from last month
 
 I dontknow
 
 I just checked it at lunch
 
 Also 1600? I dont get paid till morrow
 
 more love. lol
 
 Love
 
 mwah
 
 Dont care
 
 want me to message?
 
 Idk
 
 female. would be smaller ?
 
 Captains size usually
 
 how big do they get?
 
 ?  husky mix and less thana year old
 
 Too big
 
 Previous family did not have landlord approval and gave her back \n Help: Too much going on with my family and looking for someone who wants a new family friend. Her name is Gracie and is going to be 6 months old. She was born on March 31
 
 2014 and is a Husky mix. She is already fixed/spayed and has gotten her rabies and 1st set of DHPP shots. She is very energetic
 
 playful
 
 and attention driven puppy. Please let me know if anyone would like to give Gracie a new home. Thank you. \n\n Only genuine
 
 SERIOUS inquiries please.\n\n\n\nWhat do you think?  (can you see the pic)  it wouldn't let me tag you
 
 you there?
 
 now browsing the shopping cart for next semester. lol
 
 Yay .. .
 
 applied to get my math and English credits evaluated. WOOT!
 
 Love you too
 
 class starting
 
 ttyl Mwah love you
 
 monies. lol I like I like. and I think its fair. its been over a year. therefore  they can't say we didn't wait like they can with a vasectamy
 
 Silly man
 
 we might even be able to use the same lawyer. lol HHA
 
 I cant think of anything
 
 but sueing is always a good option. lol
 
 Unless you have a better idea
 
 kk
 
 No monday ill go get checked if my body hasnt fixed it itself.
 
 and... if the 25% happens we can sue. lol
 
 so starting Monday?  then a week?
 
 Yeah okay. Ill wait a week. But imma ignore it this week.
 
 You know my opinion. I like the underdog. ;)
 
 Haha.....mikey needs a job. Imma give it a week and then worry why my boobs hurt
 
 Or i can take vitamin c when i get home. We got like a 75% chance of bad shit and 25% a ok. So think about it.
 
 lol   anywho... waiting on class to start. WOOT!.. shopping cart for spring semester just opened. Winter cart doesn't open until Nov  WTF!
 
 Oh well
 
 yup. apparently no one told her that I had the kids back. lol
 
 Fun
 
 so tiffany called me (after ignoring me for a month) to ask how to fix her NES&gt; lmao
 
 Hey
 
 HOLA
 
 Kk
 
 still at school working on coding. phone dead
 
 Aloha
 
 
 
 Cuz i didn't fill it ;)
 
 My tummy is sad. Its always grumbly. Grumbly and wobly and angry and moving. Why wont it be still?
 
 You a freak
 
 i add people by scrolling through posts now
 
 Im not a horny perv
 
 I dont axd people
 
 Must of the moms that cone inn peter piper in their 40s have braces now\n\na lot of my old requests have started going through
 
 and with the new mobile update i request a bunch from misclicls
 
 have you updated yet?  The suggested puerile are like every 5 posts now
 
 I dont know fb posted you added someone. Shes got braces for gods sake.
 
 Who?
 
 Why are you apways friending twelve year olds ya bastard
 
 TIME LORDs Second job
 
 Damn Economy. lol
 
 Mikey has my phone
 
 wow. lol
 
 According to everything I have googled we NEED to make sure that wandering is in his IEP because one then they have to work with him on it and 2 then the bitch teacher can stfu
 
 http://www.autismspeaks.org/news/news-item/7-steps-you-can-take-prevent-wandering-your-child%E2%80%99s-school
 
 EXACTLY!
 
 Got the package today. The children love their presents and the little outfits for the twins are so cute! I cant wait until they are big enough to fit in them :)
 
 Ok
 
 Probably not going to be home for a bit. orders finally came in so I have an handful of stuff to do today
 
 and have to come in in uniform tomorrow. to try and finish 
 
 Don don says no interwebs till weekend
 
 I got this i can do it by myself. Im super woman. I dont need shit
 
 Whatever thats what youve said the last six times. 
 
 I just figured this would be the last time I could go to magic until like August
 
 because of the twins
 
 and ignore everything I say
 
 and so you walk righ over me
 
 and im hormonal and trying to be nice
 
 you dont listen to me
 
 yes because right now I really give a shit about money and thats wy im mad
 
 Love you
 
 hopefully i get the software scientist or burger king gm job. 50-60k and 42k
 
 respectively
 
 I hate you
 
 dude you got issues
 
 it saddens me that it is apparently asking too mcuh
 
 that is all I want from it
 
 or shut up
 
 effective Active labor
 
 Stupid body needs to make up its mine
 
 lol i'm sorry hun
 
 Grrrrr
 
 NOW
 
 I WANT THEM OUT 
 
 shes waiting on my water to break or something Since today would be the day of most inconvenience
 
 moms convinced I will though
 
 lol
 
 even if I tried I wouldnt go into labor today
 
 but its not like  I really have a choice
 
 Aunt barb thinks im crazy for thinking im in labor and deciding not to give birth till tomorrow
 
 you can get cancer from the hormones and shit
 
 egg donation is just too dangerous
 
 lol
 
 ::P
 
 not making a life
 
 its renting a room
 
 just usesmy uterus as housing
 
 surrogate doesnt take my eggs
 
 but you're allowed to surrogate? :P :P lol
 
 butt face
 
 :P
 
 you offering your services for child making. You arent allowed to child make
 
 ? lol
 
 but head
 
 your dna belongs to me mofo
 
 you know better
 
 You make me cranky
 
 kk
 
 Checked in. 
 
  No i did not and just checked on
 
 did you check the lotto tickets today?
 
 hows everything?
 
 Hey
 
 hey hun
 
 Maybe theyll induce
 
  Oms cant ing to meet me at her house doc says i have to go in even though im not in active labor. 
 
 No emergency just hard text thought process
 
 whats up hun? I'm in theoffice currenly
 
 Call me when you get a sec
 
 love you babe
 
 What i want is to curl up and stop sounding like im insane
 
 lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3817741250.html
 
 what do you wanna do?
 
 these dont feel like regular contractions  but they arent going away
 
 we might have a problem
 
 kk
 
 Because the ubiverse hates me
 
 I dont know if im going to make it till thirty five. Ill be surprised if if i make it this week
 
 grr
 
 I dont see anything from them
 
 can you find one of the american century pieces of mail for me that have the account number on it for my mutual fund
 
 although im not god eiter
 
 good not god
 
 unfortunaltely im just not that god
 
 be home with the kids all day and just be able to sell shit on the interwebs
 
 that would be nice
 
 I wish I knew how to make something worth money
 
 it could be one of those scared straight programs where you hand them children and go "have fun"
 
 lol
 
 dont have sex
 
 roflmao
 
 I should teach a sex ed parenting class for teens
 
 yeah no its not bad money at all
 
 1120$ every two weeks. lol
 
 lol
 
 I would die of melanoma within two months
 
 two
 
 one I would hit myself in the head with a sign
 
 for 80 bucks a day. lol
 
 you have fun with that
 
 I woud totaly work 8 hour days spinning a sign. lol
 
 Im better at lifting heavy things and hammering nails
 
 not with that
 
 I have no skill
 
 no
 
 sign spinning?
 
 are you good at spinning?&gt;
 
 at least Id get ripped while I got skin cancer
 
 Id rather do construction
 
 lol
 
 10 not 0
 
 hopefully only ICE
 
 I could be a sign spinner for 0 bucks an hour lol
 
 once I get out
 
 if we need it I can drain my TSP its around 10K right now
 
 but hey next year I can make an extra 40 grand lol
 
 Id have to wait till next year anyway
 
 Id do it but it would kill me
 
 lol
 
 plus medical
 
 45
 
000.00
 
 and how much you wanna make as a surrogate. lol
 
 so I need to get more lotto tickets
 
 lol
 
 Lol I could be a surrogate
 
 god hates us
 
 we arent that loved
 
 I did already
 
 check the lotto tickets. 
 
 especially because we are probably going to need the "extra" money for diapers and whatever other shit we forgot we needed
 
 I can't even have a mental breakdown. 
 
 now I get to go search craigslist
 
 i know.
 
 time to knuckle down mofo
 
 :(
 
 no more fun
 
 no more eating out
 
 kk
 
 but there is still going to be like 140 left on the bill
 
 we ow 209 and Im paying the past due next week
 
 and put towards the water
 
 to put gas in the cars and SAVE
 
 we'll have money left over. LMAO
 
 thats around 800$
 
 plus house
 
 765.00
 
 125.00 cox\n25.00 gas\n140.00 car insurance\n150.00 TEP\n100.00 House in\n200.00 Tmobile\n25.00 C1\n
 
 so we're gonna be late on it at a minimum
 
 MAY 25
 
 2013\n $25.00\n min payment
 
 lemme check
 
 min on C1 is like 25 I think
 
 kk
 
 If we skip some of the credit cards we should be able to pay the bills and make a FULL payment on the morgage
 
 Your account is current. $124.12 is due on May 30
 
 2013.\n\n
 
 future reference... apj_elfman elfman89
 
 let em check
 
 how much do we owe on cox? I dont have that log in info
 
 lol
 
 and James is sending me an info link for a job with Samsung
 
 I am tempted to go buy another pair of shiny shoes before I seperate (it would go n the clothing side) and that would give me dress shoes for interviews. lol
 
 SC I could care lessa bout. lol
 
 yeah but thats only like 100.00 off the budget
 
 VS not exactly worried about if we are strapped for money lol
 
 Tep is due AGAIN on the first as is SC  and VS. Kind of a monthly thing
 
 maybe VS\n
 
 and SC
 
 and I paid TEP I think on the first
 
 I think car insurance came out auto. remember
 
 I got water
 
 and Cox
 
 Car insurance
 
 C1
 
 VS
 
 SC
 
 Water
 
 Gas
 
 Tep
 
 So Tmobile 
 
 we didnt pay ANY of the bills
 
 unlss we need the money
 
 I thought we were good on everything else
 
 and We'll make a full payment on Mortgage then a half payment on the 15th. and that will catch us up
 
 coming out of my check on the 1st. 
 
 I just made a payment on the water it should come ot of my account next week. I just have to remember to make a payment with the next check too
 
 thats half of what I had squeezed in there so we should be fine
 
  Homeowner 816954742\n \nAllstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company\n Payment Scheduled Jun 2
 
 2013 $87.55\n
 
 kk
 
 we can still do it if we havent paid them but it will be a bit tighter
 
 okay
 
 cause if it did then if we pay half morgage then pay half morgage on the fifteenth and just be a half payment behind. Then we can catch up on the bills
 
 its allstate
 
 I can check in a bit
 
 should have come out automatically
 
 last pay check?
 
 did we pay the house insurance?
 
 Stupid life is all bitchy
 
 no this week is not. lol
 
 Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh to do lost thirty miles longget through this week\nGet house ready for double mint\nStart looking for prt time work or work from home shit\nPqck double mint hospital bag\nGet mikey moved in\nMake shopping list for next Month\nAttempt to figure bills out \nThis week is not good
 
 I was
 
 phone calls already over
 
 I'm almost home
 
 I thought you were supposed to be on the phone
 
 well okay then.
 
 ????
 
 gggrrrrrargh
 
 that would work for me
 
 can he stay the weekend lol
 
 I dont want to go get adam
 
 I got annoyed cause there was food that ended up under the couch that I could quite reach. But CPT is fixing it for me
 
 and a chauffer for adam
 
 and  a nap
 
 a burger with grease and vegitables a real burger not one of those fast ones
 
 I want burger
 
 ?
 
 we dont have enough money
 
 lol
 
 dependin gon the nissan
 
 we might have to fill the cadi next week. lol
 
 and you can go see pictures next week
 
 fuck 
 
 then we shouldnt bother to fill the caddi at all lol
 
 save us some gas
 
 lol
 
 yay
 
 CONVIENENT
 
 I get paid on Wed
 
 and dont work next week
 
 Fill the van all the way. 
 
 wait... we aren't filling up the Cadi. 
 
 since its on the north side. lol
 
 lol
 
 and gas. ol
 
 ok
 
 so you need a twenty lol
 
 so  I have like 40 left over. 
 
 60 for the tires. 
 
 i still have 100$ in my wallet
 
 lol
 
 so like half of my money
 
 47 pus tax. 
 
 ?
 
 hyow much is that stupid realy
 
 stupidness
 
 I'm just hoping that the relay is the last part to the nissan
 
 and its at half a tank. lol
 
 kk
 
 tank
 
 so we can half take the cadi 
 
 and I get paid on Wed. 
 
 kk  I just know I can't make it another day on the Cadi
 
 that way on the 24th ill have like 70 dollars again and be able to put more gas in instead of still being negative
 
 You know if I fill up both cars then you know I will have NO money at all on the 24th. We might be better off putting a half a ank in each car when you get off of work and then waiting to fill them
 
 but the Cadi is on E light
 
 that way (your SUPER) over drawn
 
 
 
 if you wait till I get off work
 
 we can do the 60
 
 then fill up both cars. 
 
 so ill have 80 dollars ash and a van full of gas
 
 I gotta pull out sixty then fill the van
 
 Ive got 74.00 in my account
 
 and fill up both cars?
 
 do we have enough money for me to get the relay thingy today?
 
 demon children
 
 I can do this
 
 five weeks
 
 five weeks
 
 I hate this
 
 grr I feel poo like
 
 lol
 
 you will nver be as cool as me
 
 cause im awesome
 
 I had a good breakfast
 
 madelines
 
 smores
 
 a bagel and kiwi
 
 her nose is running like a faucet and she is pissed everytime I suck it or wipe it
 
 Sophia is so mad
 
 you have fun with that honey
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3790993005.html lol
 
 see I told you you were outa shape :P
 
 lol no
 
 do you know anyone tat needs 15in tyres
 
 umm wow. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/ptd/3796629544.html
 
 jst a couple less pushups and situps than last time
 
 I got the exact same score on my walk test
 
 I was soo worried. lol
 
 lol
 
 I cant believe you smoked first you dork
 
 freakazoid
 
 after smoking 2 cigarettes and drinking an energy drink. lol
 
 88.3%
 
 soooo?
 
 kick the tests butt &lt;3
 
 I messaged you the recipe so I can find it tomorrow bwahahhaha
 
 
 
 Im going to get the stuff for them today possibly but I have to make them tomorrow.
 
 I have to make cookies tomorrow remind me
 
 also
 
 they lie
 
 liars
 
 :p
 
 5 foot 7
 
 I think the af ability to measure is broken :P
 
 and your waist hasnt been 34 inches in months
 
 Dont make me math 67 inches
 
 Lol poor baby
 
 I'm still waiting for my test to start. I have a34in waist though haha and I'm 67in tall :(
 
 poor sopha soph
 
 so congesty mommy had to suck her nose. She is not happy
 
 why are children never quiet?
 
 hope you all are excited about this new set as I am. To be honest
 
 I wasn\u2019t too excited when it first came out. After having  played a few matches against new cards I began to feel the excitement. Although I\u2019ve yet to see any new archetypes emerge.\n\n \n\nBased on this I\u2019m going to go over old archetypes and what they gain from the release of Dragon\u2019s  Maze.\n\n \n\nAggro:\n\n \n\nBlitz\n\n Fortunately for any aggro deck there were no new sweepers that were printed able to slow them down. Blitz also didn\u2019t get to much love either. One card does come to mind is Warleader\u2019s Helix for the aggro mirror
 
 it can act as a four point finisher or put yourself out of range from the swing back after you go for the gold. Tajic
 
 Blade of Legion is kind of cool too. Too bad Blitz doesn\u2019t really run four drops except Hellrider or Ghor-Clan Rampager.\n\n \n\nJund Aggro\n\nThis deck got some big game from the new set. First up is Spike Jester
 
 two mana for a 3/1 haste creature is just what the doctor ordered. Next is Blood Scrivener
 
 the dumbed down version of Dark Confidant. He is good in this deck to refuel once you run out of steam in your hand. Putrefy is the other card they get that helps a lot in aggro matches. Putrefy is a card that will be played throughout its run in Standard.\n\n \n\n\n \n\nNaya Aggro\n\n \n\nVoice of Resurgence will be played a lot of in all the formats and to be honest
 
 this is all this deck really gained. The only other two additions are Advent of the Wurm and Unflinching Courage
 
 but I think those are more for Midrange Naya.\n\n \n\nGruul\n\n No additions of note.\n\n \n\n \n\nSome forgotten or non-exiting agro decks that might be viable now because of recently released cards include the following:\n\n \n\nZombies- Blood Scrivener
 
 Varolz
 
 and Putrefy\n\nBW- Tithe Drinker\n\nGW- Voice of Resurgence
 
 Advent of the Wurm\n\n \n\n \n\nMidrange:\n\n \n\nJund\n\n Putrefy is the card that is making waves all over Standard already. Then there is Sire of Insanity that destroys the control match up when you land him. Not giving control or midrange a hand makes the match an auto win.\n\n \n\nNaya\n\n I said earlier that Unflinching Courage and Advent of the Wurm fits in this build quite well. Advent kicks Restoration out even before it rotates
 
 I would get four quickly while they are still low.\n\n \n\n\nReanimator\n\n They did not get anything
 
 thank the Magic Gods. (EN: Deadbride Chant and Trostani\u2019s Summoner might be a thing)\n\n \n\nUWR Flash\n\n This can go under the control section but the better builds run Aurelia and I think that alone make it more midrange. This deck gets the best card from the set in Turn//Burn. This card is something I have played with a lot already and it does anything and everything you want it too. Ral Zarek is also a card for this deck but I haven\u2019t been too impressed with it so far.\n\n \n\nAristocrats\n\n WRB gets a very cool card in Sin Collector. This card changes a lot of games for this type of deck
 
 I felt it was easily taken out in the early game but this card can get rid of those pesky cards. Renounce the Guilds is also a good card that should make it in the 75 somewhere to help against Geist of St Traft decks.\n\n \n\nNew archetypes should be popping up everywhere now in the midrange department.\n\n \n\nBant Flash- Deputy of Acquittals
 
 Advent of the Wurm
 
 Plasm Capture\n\nRUG Flash- Plasm Capture
 
 Turn // Burn
 
 Ral Zarek\n\nThe Rock- Gaze of Granite
 
 Putrefy\n\n \n\nControl:\n\n \n\nStruggling to get a foothold in RtR Standard
 
 the only control deck to survive is Esper.\n\n \n\nEsper\n\n Esper got a cool new counterspell in Render Silent. Blood Baron of Vizkopa has been compared to Baneslayer Angel
 
 but I think that is wrong. Council of the Absolute is also great for the Sphinx\u2019s Revelation mirrors. Far//Away is very similar to Turn//Burn but not as surprising as its counterpart.  \n\n \n\n \n\n\nI think control makes a big comeback in a couple of the following.\n\n \n\nGrixis- Master of Cruelties
 
 Turn//Burn
 
 Far//Away
 
 Ral Zarek\n\nBUG- Gaze of Granite
 
 Far//Away
 
 Plasm Capture\n\n \n\n \n\nConclusion:\n\n \n\nWell that is my quick synopsis of Standard today and going forward. With all that I leave you with my new and improved RUG Flash list that went 4-1 on Friday and one win away from top 8 at the AMI Qualifier at Showtime Sports.\n\n \n\n4 Steam Vents\n\n4 Breeding Pool\n\n4 Stomping Ground\n\n4 Rootbound Crag\n\n4 Hinterland Harbor\n\n2 Island\n\n1 Mountain\n\n1 Kessig Wolf Run\n\n4 Huntmaster of the Fells\n\n3 Thragtusk\n\n1 Thundermaw Hellkite\n\n3 Wolfir Avenger\n\n3 Snapcaster Mage\n\n2 Yeva
 
 Natures Herald\n\n3 Turn//Burn\n\n4 Farseek\n\n2 Mizzium Mortars\n\n2 Pillar of Flame\n\n1 Plasm Capture\n\n3 Izzet Charm\n\n2 Counterflux\n\n3 Searing Spear\n\n \n\nUntil next time
 
 don\u2019t feed the Goyf or the Goyf will flip a table.\n\n \n\nBrian Kobel
 
 didn't see
 
 oh sorry. :P
 
 Seriously look at the clock
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/soup5913 please? :)
 
 it needs to die
 
 there is a marching band in my brain
 
 I love you too. I just hate this
 
 Love you
 
 you be pregnant
 
 but I dont want to be useless blob so then I force it which makes it worse
 
 even the stupid shit like taking the kids too and from school is fucking hard 
 
 I keep thinking of all these things that need to be done because nestingbut I cant do any of them and it makes me nuts
 
 I honestly dont
 
 I dont know
 
 What can i do? I'm taking next week off
 
 this is all your fault and you do nothing to fix it
 
 also evil
 
 your dumb
 
 I just responded to your previous message
 
 you are stupid
 
 ?
 
 ooh shat they gonna do
 
 tell you flash floods are coming and cholla are pointy
 
 and why do I care you already had decide ou were going to get the tires ont go to the shop because there was no van for mom
 
 And he owes mom
 
 not me
 
 I dont want to deal with him
 
 He fucking wont stop talking about his gf as is and hes on the internet on his phone and Im not really responding
 
 and I'll have to drop by your moms shop later
 
 I have to go to a commanders call safety briefing in like 20 minutes
 
 you should make kris work off his debt to your mom
 
 im just too fucking gone rfor this shit
 
 I dont have enough to do right
 
 fucking kids just dumped their lunches on the floor because it wasnt what they wanted to eat
 
 I aint doinshit
 
 its mothersday weekend
 
 Cause fuck me moving this weekend
 
 is it saturday?
 
 is it your turn yet?
 
 you should be
 
 i'm sorry dear
 
 lol
 
 So then I just want to curl up and take care of them and I cant cause there are other brats here
 
 because they arent done cooking
 
 and I cant be
 
 I just want to be done
 
 I'm sorry deary
 
 it just wont stop
 
 please please
 
 can I curl up and die
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/tlg/3793350733.html just for you. lol
 
 your special in the head
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3722924545.html lol its my car. lol
 
 no thatns
 
 My body is so done
 
 pass emissions
 
 and sell the bitch. lol
 
 then we could take it to the guy that rigged the Cadi
 
 if only we had500$ lol
 
 we have no $$$
 
 its gonna take $$ to get it to where it needs to be
 
 emissions are kinda required
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3785322962.html thoughts?
 
 tard
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3787237322.html wrote about traiding the Cadi. lol
 
 so we gave it away instead
 
 and rob had had his since he was 17 and it was in worse shape and just sitting there and he lfet it and he was like you cant sell it
 
 well
 
 yeah
 
 you need like 50K laying around to refurb one of those
 
 because it was easier
 
 heehee we gave ours away
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3792941708.html
 
 asshole
 
 I like money
 
 he is keeping me from my money
 
 lol
 
 dooom
 
 cause hes stupid
 
 and he was like I know and I was like whatever pain in my ass poop head
 
 money
 
 and he was like there is no expiration and I said I dnt give a fuck expiration
 
 money 
 
 them*
 
 he could have matched there there. lol
 
 I told him he was stupid
 
 dumbass. lol
 
 he was like but i need to make sure its the right one. WTF does that have to do with bringing the other one back
 
 he say something about wanting to make sure they matched?
 
 dom/don didnt bring the other one
 
 why is 21 days sooooo looonnnnggg
 
 has it been like three weeks yet?
 
 no don don or dom
 
 dom/don
 
 Thats their new name by the way
 
 when did you become dom/don
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3753140716.html  pimpin in a Jag
 
 lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3793549459.html
 
 you are special in the head
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3789505597.html
 
 I go next week for the pictures. They had better be liek 4.5 pounds each
 
 they need a popup timer like a turkey. lol
 
 2 to 5 to go
 
 32 down
 
 :'(
 
 :(
 
 lol I'm sorry hun
 
 they aren't done cooking yet
 
 I WANT THEM OUT
 
 and it itches
 
 It hurts and it pains
 
 its possesed by evil vampire children who suck the happiness from it
 
 ?
 
 MY BODY IS EVIL
 
 NO FOR YOU
 
 MINE
 
 lol your still not taking my van
 
 I think I still have his card in my wallet
 
 we need to call Luis to get it fixed since its free. lol
 
 you cant take the van on base anyway cause the window is all fucked
 
 fine but your biking to work not borrowing the van
 
 sell the cadi and buy that. lol
 
 if we had 1300 dollars sure....
 
 thats what Im looking for
 
 and I like that car. lol
 
 ah brain cells
 
 like you know the stuff that makes your brain wrk
 
 kris is ridiculous
 
 things
 
 boy needs some mental 
 
 tard ass
 
 he said "dont give me that look" 
 
 whats so ridiculous
 
 this is ridiculous.
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3738848788.html
 
 that was her birthday money from aunt kathy he spent
 
 moms bout ready to kick him out
 
 after all that bs about being single and shit
 
 kris stole moms money AGAIN and has a gf
 
 eh maybe youll get me next week :P
 
 wow. :P :P :P :P
 
 Beat you by like ten points thirty secinds before it ended
 
 Ping
 
 they are just convenieant to keep babies off of floors
 
 we did with sopha
 
 and we can live without bouncers
 
 :P I want the two bouncers for fifteen dollars each on the main page but thats 30 bucks we dont have :(
 
 i dont know hwat you want. cuz i'm not looking at it. so I can't help. :P
 
  Nope nope 
 
 then write on the cheap stuff. :P
 
 I want like almost everythng in the baby section. But they are stupid to think theyll get a hundred bucks for a used stroller and carseat
 
 No
 
 write them on my account :P
 
 Ten dollar swing oooh
 
 No i dont write people. You dont call places i dont yard sell through interwebs. I just look 
 
 List of things we can live without but would be nice bouncers or swings
 
 then write them. :P
 
 Fivr dollar bouncer poh
 
 lol
 
 Look at you talking to y ourself
 
 and goo ooooh I want that
 
 I just look at things
 
 nah I dont write people
 
 if you wanna write them for it
 
 go ahead. :)
 
 lol
 
 Im on yours to do fv but it crashed and i cant do afb yard sale if im not on you
 
 Yard sale afb fifteen dollar bouncers lol
 
 Stupid stupid stupid angry making
 
 There i vaced swept im done now grrrrr
 
 stupid body
 
 but I get dizzy when I stand up
 
 then tomorrow ill get mad
 
 and then ill forget
 
 youll get distracted
 
 you say you will but its like everything you wont
 
 caus eyou wont do it
 
 I want to clean the house
 
 the yard
 
 get it done
 
 Grrr I want to clean
 
 lol
 
 tard
 
 lmao
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV24IkllEv8
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OcTk2hYUVo wow.. lol
 
 i might as well just go pick up the tyres. lol its only like 2 blocks from your moms shop
 
 kk
 
 Van
 
 is she in the van or on the bike?
 
 She has no car though
 
 kk
 
 Bike shop tell herhappy bday
 
 will she be at home or the bike shop?
 
 imma try to drop off 60$ with your mom on muy lunch
 
 Nope
 
 we didnt get a chance to get the tyres yesterday
 
 ill throw the ture and seat in the garage
 
 kk
 
 The frint yard is upsetting me. Its so white trash. Needs to be fixed. 
 
 ?
 
 bozo
 
 Kk
 
 get not be fn brain cells sucking kids
 
 Chris is coming to be bubba
 
 and sad
 
 and im pregnant and hormonal and moody
 
 the children are evil
 
 my head hurts
 
 I cant get the smell out of the house
 
 I cant stop coughting
 
 imma cut them
 
 children are dmeons cute domeons but fn demons none the less
 
 demons
 
 oye?
 
 .....
 
 we have pain in ass baby
 
 adam mean baby
 
 Bubba and saundra dumb babys 
 
 Sopha is cranker demon baby
 
 okay 
 
 so I'll come home
 
swap cars
 
 and go do that
 
 okay yeah and its 12.25
 
 thats the only one i know
 
 I assume as its the one thats you know
 
 near us
 
 ya
 
 and you r going to the one sarnoff and 22nd right?
 
 then I can do that. then pick up the nissan parts. 
 
 coolio
 
 according to the interwebs they are all open till 7 now
 
 damn thqts the wrong one
 
 Address: 3931 N Business Center Dr
 
 Tucson
 
 Arizona 85705 \nPhone:(520) 629-9808 \nHours: \nWednesday hours 5:00 am\u20137:00 pm  -  See all\nMonday 5:00 am \u2013 7:00 pm \nTuesday 5:00 am \u2013 7:00 pm \nWednesday 5:00 am \u2013 7:00 pm \nThursday 5:00 am \u2013 7:00 pm \nFriday 5:00 am \u2013 7:00 pm \nSaturday 2:00\u20135:00 pm \nSunday Closed \n
 
 I vaguely remember that conversation from the first time you tried to sell the station wagon
 
 I know. and i'm going to the concert. 
 
 the stop doing emissinos at four I thought
 
 its open till after 5 right
 
 :( poor kid hope he feels better for his concert tomorrow
 
 I think I will swing by and pick up the van and godo the emissions. 
 
 when I get off work
 
 tutoring got cancelled today
 
 Aiden got sick and was sent home. 
 
 sopha sopha :(
 
 no you weirdo
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYiWJPZX2i8
 
 true
 
 double the money coming in
 
 its mind numbing
 
 and I could do it in my off time. 
 
 you wanna work data entry?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/ofc/3792902090.html
 
 Imma steal urs u dobr udr ut
 
 I kinda wanna paint our black with different colored polka dots. lol
 
  ok
 
 Plastic
 
 From mom
 
 ?
 
 Got more dressers mom
 
 At the school still imma smack hwr later. 
 
 SMACK
 
 grr... 
 
 Now saundra ran into the road where are ny children's brains?
 
 picking up adam is going to be ridiculous enough the way today is going
 
 I dont know how I would have found time today
 
 Its a good thing I moved the appt to next week
 
 smells like pancakes of doom
 
 stupid stuff
 
 i smelled it all  te way to work
 
 lol
 
 stupid house still smells smokey but I cant tell if its actually smokey or if its like burned into my nostrils
 
 "I hurt myselve" "your fine saundra your not bleeding" " Oh OKAY" runs away
 
 New rule make sure oven is off before bed
 
 I dont feel good stupid babies
 
 awe little kid for sale too?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3786837730.html
 
 that doesnt even make sense
 
 why is the joker on there?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3791258980.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3735291253.html
 
 ah ylou scares him lol
 
 LMAO
 
 granted.. I'm pretty sure at this point even the devil wouldnt touch my soul. 
 
 lol
 
 haha I might let you 
 
 so... imma sell my soul and get this car
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3792356812.html
 
 eh
 
 and sometime in the next couple months the exhaust should be done
 
 and the only thing left to really do to the nissan is the driver side window. 
 
 get some money off of that. 
 
 then I could sell the cadi
 
 hopefully that ould bne nice
 
 its wrong
 
 its like bronze colored
 
 so
 
 hopefully
 
 this is the last piece to thenissan
 
 lol
 
 lol needs a paint job
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3788938087.html  just for you. ;)
 
 But Im waiting
 
 cause I dont want to take it unless I HAVE to. Albuterol raises my blood pressure and makes me shaky
 
 I have one in my purse
 
 and we are out of inhalers
 
 Im gonna end up in the hospital getting a damn breathing treatment lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3789047262.html
 
 I still cant breath
 
 at all
 
 we has none
 
 money 
 
 lol
 
 why not?
 
 lol no
 
 :D PWEASE!
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3782315467.html
 
 :( stop taunting me
 
 the buggy makes me think of that one cartoon
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3785926324.html
 
 both cool
 
 but ridiculous
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3792256829.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3792254601.html
 
 dumb fucks
 
 seventy pounds and two slightly oversized fetuses later
 
 I am fucking big enough
 
 I swear I am so sick of hearing that
 
 once again
 
 im not big enough
 
 cause they are stupid
 
 they just worry about you
 
 lol
 
 At joes they were all you dibt have help today
 
 ?
 
 Ecerytime i go anywhere. .   Just you and then no there is an invisible nanny next to me
 
 So tired. Ugh 
 
 lol
 
 No theyd privably nake me choje too
 
 would you be ok with those?
 
 I know. I want to get the air freshener ones. 
 
 I feel bad
 
 thoughts?
 
 Dog shock collars green guardian one 20$ (walmart 60$) only used once. Black shock collar 10$ only used a couple times. 1 small and 2 medium harnesses 2$ for all. 2 small collars and 1 medium for 2$ for all.\n
 
 they are all actually banished to not moving off the couch we dont have enough corners
 
 lol no point in corner
 
 I'm at oreilly
 
 put whoever in the corner until i get hone
 
 tutoring postponed until tomorrow
 
 im done yelling
 
 and bubba keeps climbing on shit and adam is wlking around looking like fucking elton john and strutting rene is being a bitch and saundra is screaming and im just done
 
 My throat hurts from the yelling and my parts hurt from the stuff
 
 ?
 
 Evil kids of doom
 
 I quit
 
 I mean really 
 
 fuck this
 
 I quit
 
 I know
 
 Adam has tonsil surgery that day
 
 PHULLLUPPPPPP
 
 so graduation is wednesday the 22at 9:30 and rene will be there and you guys have to leave wherever you are at 10:00 in order to get to the place by 10:30
 
 they are all dressers
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3786181561.html
 
 Cant lppk till home dressers a dresser
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3786628106.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3788087973.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3772442610.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3770653942.html
 
 Cheapest. Best
 
 A dressers a dresser dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3789441050.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3789611283.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3772407314.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3790706596.html\n(I messaged about the avacado dresser
 
 we are third in line)
 
 I like avocado.: P
 
 I'll email. (and we can always paint. lol)
 
 kk no worries. :)
 
 We dnt need a full bed. We can always use another drwsser
 
 Srry there was so much i was doing and the beeping was annoyinf
 
 kk
 
 Busy fucktard
 
 Clara HornTucson Metro Garage / Yard Sales\nfor sale:\nfull size matrees with box spring $50 and also a tall dresser avocado green color $25\n
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/wri/3754132835.html
 
 Illtake that as a no cause your a poop
 
 lol
 
 did it work?
 
 I wave you with my hands
 
 shoo
 
 go fetch children
 
 no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3764878527.html\n
 
 no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3790516465.html
 
 That means I gotta get dressed
 
 get saundra up
 
 get sophia up
 
 make sure they are both dressed
 
 get bubba in clean clothes get shoes on all of them and then...I have to DRIVE
 
 I dont want to go fetch children
 
 im so tired
 
 I really really really dislike the world
 
 Caue I need to have a npa
 
 whatever
 
 I'm not anywhere close to having fun. :P
 
 you should be
 
 miza sorry 
 
 NAPS
 
 I like naps
 
 and a nap
 
 a nap uld be good
 
 I wanna take a baaaaattttthhhh
 
 ouwie ouch owie ow
 
 my parts are owie
 
 soaking in the warmth
 
 I really need a bath
 
 lol
 
 What does that have to do with ne complaiing i want snuggles and a bath
 
 lol
 
 I've knocked out two 'week long' projects in 45 minutes
 
 I also dont know when I will get out of here. 
 
 :P
 
 I anna bath 
 
 and tutoring an hour and isnt until 5 so :P 
 
 ordering distributer and cap takes ten minutes
 
 grrrr 
 
 and I have tutoring tonight
 
 if I get out of here. then I have to order distributor and cap
 
 
 
 ?
 
 then you will come and snuggle
 
 trying to work
 
 but running out of things to do
 
 so I keep asking for more. lol and when she says (I'm out) I'm gonna go (can I leave) lol
 
 want snuggles
 
 snuggles
 
 true.. 
 
 we have like pnee pasta 
 
 I'll try to throw something together in the next couple days
 
 would make easier. lol
 
 and I wish we had lasagna noodles. 
 
 curious. 
 
 ?  with what?
 
 but you could probably make some kind of you kmow italian casseole thing
 
 kk
 
 I figured pasta tonight so we can use that stupid garlic bread you came home with
 
 lol you make casserole then
 
 I want a casserole. but not sure what kind. lol
 
 we have a shit load of food now. lol
 
 why is there not enough foody
 
 want more foody
 
 foody foody foody made taco
 
 I would think bill collecter but they usually leave message
 
 so no clue
 
 hm... kathy is in tx but doesnt have your number. and she has a Kansas number. lol
 
 called you?
 
 no..
 
 texas just called me and left no message
 
 do I know anyone in texas?
 
 pweeeeaaasssee
 
 and a burger
 
 I want snuggles
 
 lol
 
 hormones crazed
 
 also snuggles
 
 bwahahaha
 
 not funny want burger
 
 funny
 
 :P
 
 also burger...get on that
 
 its genetics
 
 cause we are white trash
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3782090993.html why cat we be rich?
 
 geek
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3744234991.html
 
 or mmmm five guys burger
 
 now go fetch me junkyard burger
 
 you just dont get three cars
 
 care
 
 I told you I dont car
 
 if/when we get the nissan up and running reliable. 
 
 right now
 
 and that you should get me a junkyard burger
 
 what are your thoughts on selling the cadi?
 
 three cars ins a no no
 
 other then you dont get three cars
 
 I have no thoughts 
 
 lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3763460183.html
 
 thoughts on the cadi?
 
 dont judge me
 
 lol
 
 but maybe thats just me
 
 cause she never fucking left them
 
 Also to kendra: No the greatest thing a mommy can see is her babies...in person
 
 Im not hugnry
 
 food sounds yucky
 
 but I am contemplating serarchign the house for money climbning in the car and buying a junkayrd burger cause it sounds delicious
 
 how do you have issues?
 
 I has issues
 
 dork
 
 lol
 
 I should sell the cadi
 
 but its hard since theres so much money in it
 
 :P
 
 three cars for one man before we win the lottery and have a six car garage is  a bit much
 
 yes but you dont get another car till you sell one of the cars
 
 I need to get the window working on the nissan and I'll keep it. lol
 
 probably selling either the cadillac 
 
 or both . 
 
 so as it is you have one more then you nee
 
 theres only one of you
 
 you dont get three
 
 you have two you cars
 
 which is why I'm getting a me car. lol
 
 tuner better mileage. lol
 
 muscle better
 
 tard
 
 but I do want a tuner over a muscle currently
 
 it says it runs now. lol :P
 
 and I like manuals :P
 
 why does it matter we cant fafforsd another fixer upper right now
 
 like they had a bad nose job or somthing
 
 wonder if the camaro is standard or auto
 
 it does
 
 lol
 
 it always looks to me like there is a growth
 
 haha no giant engine of doom though
 
 lol
 
 kk you see your car? :)
 
 now im back
 
 no im here
 
 u there?
 
 clicky. there is your camaro
 
 http://www.google.com/imgres?sa=X&amp;hl=en&amp;biw=1117&amp;bih=723&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=DejVzxhFeh67fM:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/2010/12/the-return-of-the-z28-camaro/camaro_z28_2/&amp;docid=Lh46PBmnIeotbM&amp;imgurl=http://images.thetruthaboutcars.com/2010/12/camaro_z28_2.jpg&amp;w=1280&amp;h=960&amp;ei=xSyJUbXqIMrwigLBmIFQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=rc&amp;dur=1020&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=141&amp;tbnw=171&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=19&amp;ved=1t:429
 
r:15
 
s:0
 
i:198&amp;tx=95&amp;ty=51
 
 cause its required cause its a camero
 
 cause it has to be tacky
 
 but with red flames
 
 possibly black
 
 duh
 
 cause its a camero
 
 no its red
 
 lol
 
 it can be black
 
 silver
 
 pink for all I care. I dont really like red
 
 and.. 
 
 its a camero
 
 not a big fan of red
 
 lol 
 
 ass face
 
 nd if i got a camero
 
 it would NOT be red. lol
 
 tard ass
 
 and chop it to lower the roof 4in
 
 his ass would put hydros on it
 
 the belair. 
 
 what are you? Fn donavan
 
 tard
 
 make it black with suicide doors. lol
 
 no
 
 with a MOTOR in it
 
 lol Fine.. classic(ish)
 
 no noo
 
 no
 
 huge hood scoop
 
 exposed exhaust pipes. chromed out
 
 it would be more of a dragster look
 
 lol
 
 at least the belair
 
 I know what to do in a restore. lol
 
 I just do nt know what to do to them other than lowrider at this point
 
 you know you like the impala. lol
 
 completely impractical though
 
 no lowriders and yes I like camero
 
 so you like the camero
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3789205399.html  hehe turn into lowrider
 
 that would actually be cool
 
 (and I'm assuming youlike the car. lol)
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3789314949.html hehe I want to win the lotto and redo this car. 
 
 ahhhh yay
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3789417287.html just fo ryou
 
 dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3789441329.html pretty
 
 backyard food
 
 fuck roses
 
 and water occasionally and it will get ragged and still look pretty
 
 flowers for the front yard
 
 desert plants
 
 shit that I can just let go
 
 food
 
 so what doyou wanna plant?
 
 Yes dear
 
 whatever you say dear. lol  MWAH! lol
 
 you can buy a shader if you want but I think they are kinda pointless
 
 water will soak through below it
 
 veggie plants on top layer
 
 then the mesquite trees steal it
 
 if its already been wet though it soaks into the ground and gets sucked into the aquafers in about 3 hours
 
 Oour dirt is so dry
 
 thats why the first time it rains everything floods. Its like water on cement
 
 there is less place for it to go and it just sits there
 
 Yes dear
 
 whatever you say dear. lol MWAH!
 
 I'm not from one of those flat farm state s in the middle. lol
 
 lol k
 
 so long as the topsoil around isnt hardpacked and dry it will soak up like sponge
 
 not if they are panted in the backyard
 
 not really
 
 since the ground will be moist from regular watering it wont wash away it will absorb down 
 
 monsoon can drown plants. lol
 
 and monsoon if it really rains you dont water that day
 
 wgeb uts darj
 
 and then you just water it like morning and then before bed
 
 so its shaded part of the day
 
 thats why you plant it up against the back corner
 
 like over by the sheds
 
 and with the summer here
 
 probably a shader
 
 and a regulated watering time
 
 (including not letting them get too much water during monsoon
 
 they are just across speedway from firestone
 
 mesquite valley growers would know
 
 something to keep the dog/ kids out preferably
 
 seeds or nursery plants
 
 obviously
 
 soil
 
 something with which to ti9ll the soil
 
 do you know what planting a flower and veggie garden will require outside?
 
 big garbage for outside
 
 bigger recycling bins for kitchen
 
 table cloth for specials
 
 chairs for table
 
 paint (inside) house
 
 plant flowers and veggie garden in backyard
 
 buy new shoes and clothes for kids
 
 List of things I want to do if we get a bit of extra money
 
 we are not trading white rice for brown rice
 
 saundras converts to full
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3768843004.html lol
 
 do we have a full size frame?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3789139191.html
 
 Weirdo
 
 casseroel
 
 Thats alor a brocoli
 
 Thank you for your contribution\n\nContribution confirmation number: 5221008363Arizona - Pickup May 10 (where noted) or 11
 
 2013
 
 7:00\nAZTucsonClements Centerlocation details Type Qty. Unit Price Total Price \nConventional 2 @ $15.00 $30.00 \nStrawberries - 8 - 1 Lb clamshells - from California 1 @ $12.50 $12.50 \nCase of Broccoli - Approx 20 lb. product of California 1 @ $14.50 $14.50 \n Handling Fee: $1.50 Total Price: $58.50
 
 someday sI swear 
 
 I dont know what the fuck is wrong with him
 
 Adam cut up one of Sophias outfits
 
 That was me
 
 i had it stacked on the desk
 
 guess the dog got it
 
 why is there a bunch of cut p paper under the desk?
 
 you are a pain in my butt with your mess of crap everywhere
 
 monkeys?
 
 Text me
 
 where's the tires at?
 
 and bad
 
 and scary 
 
 cause then mass murder
 
 no 
 
 Email from my account then lol
 
 no
 
 Email then :p
 
 eh itd be for the downstairs anyway dont care what it looks like
 
 thats a nice frame thoguh
 
 I go to thrift stores instead
 
 you you you
 
 yes you
 
 I dont email craigslist people
 
 no
 
 me
 
 email them?
 
 no 250 dollar one lol the other one is only 40
 
 you keep hat you like/want listed.. 
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3787298893.html
 
 that we actually could us
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3787415217.html
 
 kk
 
 i have 1 clock sono wed
 
 kk
 
 the I have to go get it Emissioned
 
 title transfer
 
 doing van on Wed
 
 I hope not
 
 I love you... :P  and I doubt shell ever message em. lol
 
 your so bad about not listening
 
 and you go.....but crude joke
 
 why wont she messgae me I just want to try....;
 
 I say NO NO NO NO NO STOP IT THAT IS BAD PATH
 
 what? :P
 
 I mean come on
 
 but seriously
 
 I love you I deal with you
 
 uh huh I know
 
 I try
 
 but I'm a little ''''off'''''
 
 sorry. 
 
 I hate you sometimes
 
 LMFAO
 
 i bet she's 'up tight' 
 
 annoying
 
 preppy uptight 
 
 lol y
 
 shes fucking annoying
 
 the answer is no 
 
 yeah no
 
 she's nicer now. 
 
 still think Amanda should come around more. 
 
 true
 
 besides if seeing newborns sent her into a spiral she really shouldnt be around me anytime soon
 
 yup
 
 so Im distancing myself before she offs herself
 
 not that you arent a pain in the ass but you have a history with her and your supposed to be friends and as  your friend she should know how you are and be able to deal with it and instead shes being a whiney little cunt and hanging on to that piece of shit hubby of hers who treats her like crap and preparing to move there where she has no support when he acts like an idiot
 
 and im annoyed with her for being a bitch
 
 I feel bad about it but Im kinda in a hormonal cling/side with you place right now
 
 I dont want Katey here
 
 but the house is messy
 
 or make kateys ass do it
 
 then do nothing. lol
 
 I wore myself out dream panick cleaning for your mother
 
 So much to do and I have no motivation today
 
 lol
 
 Apparently she was over tired lol
 
 Saundra is asleep. She threw a fit about her carseat. This time i put her in the corner but she threw a fit about i dont want to no no no so i sent her to her room for timeout. Went to check on her
 
 out like a light. 
 
 Dude i have enough issues getting in the van
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3703120254.html haha
 
 because its rude to kill peoples mommies
 
 if your mother ever gives me one day notice that I have to put her up/shes coming I ll kill you
 
 okay yes its cool but we do not need a dump truck
 
 lol
 
 I had a dream last night I was trying to find a babysitter for wednesday and your mom was like I can do it. Well be there tuesday morning do you have our beds ready and I was like .....FUCK
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3723805044.html  I wannnnt. lol
 
 you are a freak
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3736826200.html This is my sentra I grew up with
 
 trade the nissan... LMAO jk jk
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3719965740.html
 
 darn. lol
 
 deleted
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3778934848.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3755665252.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3726054745.html
 
 youve got issues babe
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3743330437.html
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3787005493.html
 
 :D
 
 for you LOL
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3786687819.html
 
 the kids will do more damage then moving shit will
 
 eh Im not worried about the carpet
 
 I lke this vna better than the black one
 
 we need to get a tarp for the van
 
 for when we move shit so we dont tear up the floor
 
 for transport
 
 would be nice if we didn't already have the van. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3780935931.html
 
 lol
 
 I'll try to order at noon
 
 if I can't I'll have you do it. lol
 
 cause everything else looks not so good
 
 Ive been living off of strawberries
 
 I miss fruits and veggies
 
 yeah that would be nice
 
 BB this week?
 
 If dondon and his dad can't figure out the nissan. i need another good gas car
 
 why are you looking at cars dont need more cars
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3787435826.html
 
 haha I wins
 
 weirdo
 
 thats floofy italian dessert cheese
 
 and marscipone cheese
 
 kk
 
 cake
 
 coffee
 
 rum
 
 lady fingers
 
 what is that?
 
 I wanted tiramisu
 
 and nope
 
 this is why I HAVE to go to stores even when I ont want to go to stores. Yesterday you were all WHATDYA WANT and I was all chocolate pastry?
 
 ?
 
 thats what I wanted
 
 mmmmmm
 
 tiramisu
 
 Come a bed
 
 she mst normlly take car of it or something
 
 because the whole underside of her chin...im tlaking like as thick as yours. And black
 
 its a BEARD. not fuzzy woman face
 
 BEARD
 
 like a full on fucking beard
 
 btw Amber has a bear
 
 she ran aorund like crazy at the park
 
 poor sopha sleepy sleepy
 
 mwah
 
 I want soak
 
 Is it wrong i want you home so i can tke a bath. 
 
 fuck bouncy
 
 no bouncy
 
 we dont need a bouncy
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bad/3778446479.html
 
 YUM YUM  YUM YUM
 
 extra cheese
 
 mac n cheese
 
 hot sauce
 
 tequila
 
 bacon
 
 lol
 
 yes thats double mint talking not me
 
 mac and cheese eew
 
 eeeewww
 
 Cant even watch
 
 no thats yucky wrong
 
 in an hour or so
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCrbv81SBHg yu8m yum yumyum
 
 you coming home soon?
 
 hes trying though
 
 hes just so fucked today
 
 Hes trying
 
 cause the minute he calms down and I can talk to him he pulls his head out
 
 no hes just wonked today
 
 poor babe
 
 grr 
 
 I went across the street with Bily after telling the kids id be right back and he apparently suddenly decided it was bad and screamed threw fit and peeled after me. Mom had to tackle him
 
 how did e chase after you?
 
 and its only 11
 
 Screaming fits 2 so far
 
 beating crap out of sister 4 times so far
 
 fear of public restrooms
 
 chased after me into the road etc etc
 
 because you being gone + him not going to school = confusion and internal scedule mess up . He thought it was a weekday and got his head all ready and then when it wasnt it went BOOM
 
 k?
 
 when you work weekends we need to warn adam
 
 For future reference
 
 lol
 
 mush
 
 I just want to walk until my legs completely collapse/sit in a tub until I turn to much
 
 :P
 
 metimes a combination of two Warp/Drown will be necessary
 
 but a lot of the time you'll find a Putrefy or a Sever and be able to deal with her before she gets out of hand. I think running at least three Evil Twins in the sideboard is a good idea to take care of the midrange decks that are usually trouble.\n\n \n\nThat's all the time I have for this week. I hope this article was helpful for all of you control players
 
 and might have given you some ideas of new cards that have potential but aren't being hyped that much. I plan on playing the BUG list at the next FNM. Until then: play smarter
 
 not harder!\n\n\n
 
 I was jst thinking about the IB prophuen
 
 \nDragon's Maze is upon us
 
 and I've already started brewing. My first Standard deck (right after Return to Ravnica came out) was an Esper Control list that used Forbidden Alchemy
 
 Lingering Souls
 
 and Snapcaster Mage for card advantage
 
 and I enjoyed playing this deck but it never turned out to be that competitive. Eventually
 
 I moved away from that deck
 
 but I've been itching to return to a control strategy that uses the graveyard more. There are a few cards in Dragon's Maze that are good for this
 
 as well as an all around amazing spell for control in the form of Warped Physique. Ready to see some decklists? First up is an Esper list that is essentially an update of my first Standard deck.\n\n \n\nCharmless Esper Control\n\n \n4 Thought Scour\n4 Warped Physique\n3 Feeling of Dread\n4 Forbidden Alchemy\n4 Lingering Souls\n4 Supreme Verdict\n2 Terminus\n3 Sphinx\u2019s Revelation\n3 Sorin
 
 Lord of Innistrad\n2 Tamiyo
 
 the Moon Sage\n2 Snapcaster Mage\n4 Watery Grave\n4 Hallowed Fountain\n1 Godless Shrine\n4 Glacial Fortress\n4 Drowned Catacomb\n1 Isolated Chapel\n2 Nephalia Drownyard\n2 Island\n2 Plains\n1 Swamp\n\n \n\nThis deck is fairly straightforward
 
 so there are only a couple card choices I'd like to go over.\n\n \n\nFirst
 
 Forbidden Alchemy is an amazing card
 
 letting you fill your graveyard while finding the last card you need to stabilize (a board wipe
 
 land
 
 or a win condition). The fact that it is an instant means that you can hold mana up for a removal spell if necessary.\n\n \n\nFeeling of Dread will almost always save you at least four life per casting
 
 but often closer to six against blitz aggro and as much as ten against midrange strategies. It's also great at setting up board wipes because it
 
 along with Souls
 
 keeps you alive without your opponent's creatures changing zones (as opposed to cards like Dramatic Rescue or Azorius Charm). This gives you more card advantage in the long run. In addition
 
 Feeling has synergy with Tamiyo's -2 ability.\n\n \n\n\nWarped Physique is an amazing card
 
 because you will almost never cast it for less than X=3
 
 which kills a lot of creatures in the format. Most of your card advantage replaces itself
 
 and you have Revelations
 
 so you will often be able to cast it for X= 5 or 6.\n\n \n\nSorin is in the deck because once you've stabilized against aggro
 
 he can win the game all by himself. Tamiyo provides another win condition with Thought Scour plus an emblem
 
 and she is excellent at handling midrange creatures like Thragtusk
 
 Angel of Serenity
 
 and Olivia Voldaren.\n\n \n\nTerminus is in the deck because of Reanimator and The Aristocrats. It doesn't trigger Blood Artist and makes Unburial Rites/Lotleth Troll a lot worse. I think the deck definitely wants three after sideboarding
 
 or maybe two and a Merciless Eviction. Either way
 
 the card is positioned extremely well in the current metagame.\n\n \n\nI like where this deck is right now. It has a lot of two-mana answers to aggro
 
 and has a huge amount of card advantage with the ways it uses its graveyard.\n\n \n\nThe next deck has a few more Dragon's Maze cards
 
 and it's something of an unusual control deck in that it doesn't run any board wipes. Without further ado
 
 I present:\n\n \n\nWrathless BUG Control\n\n4 Thought Scour\n4 Warped Physique\n4 Drown in Filth\n2 Abrupt Decay\n4 Putrefy\n4 Forbidden Alchemy\n2 Sever the Bloodline\n3 Deathrite Shaman\n3 Snapcaster Mage\n4 Rot-Farm Skeleton\n4 Watery Grave\n4 Overgrown Tomb\n3 Breeding Pool\n4 Drowned Catacomb\n4 Woodland Cemetery\n3 Hinterland Harbor\n2 Nephalia Drownyard\n2 Swamp\n\n \n\nThis deck is a little more unusual. It doesn't run any board wipes
 
 just a lot of spot removal and some interactive
 
 synergistic threats. It's probably weaker against midrange decks like Reanimator and Jund because they just do bigger things than you
 
 but you have a very solid match against aggro because you can deal with their threats as they hit the table. Also
 
 Rot Farm Skeleton gets you a ton of card advantage because it feeds Deathrite Shaman and Drown in Filth.\n\n \n\n\nSpeaking of Drown in Filth
 
 I wouldn't be surprised if that card started showing up as a one or two of in many Reanimator lists. Reanimator sometimes has trouble with fast aggro
 
 and this card helps a lot. It would probably replace some number of Mulch
 
 since those two are anti-synergistic.\n\n \n\nDrown is a card that isn't fantastic turn two unless you've hit a land off of a Thought Scour
 
 but it's pretty good as a turn 3-4 play after a Scour or an Alchemy.  It gets a lot better late game when you've hit multiple mill cards and possibly had a few Drownyard or Skeleton activations. Often it will be able to take care of big threats like Angel of Serenity or a large Olivia.\n\n \n\nOlivia is actually a problem for this deck. She can kill Snapcaster Mages and Skeletons repeatedly
 
 and gets difficult to kill the longer she sticks around. So
 
 i didn't know you got a new box
 
 the new box?
 
 should be on the desk
 
 do you know where the new benedryl is sophas got a rash?
 
 went to mcdonalds with mom then to the park over by chris house then had to wait for him to get back from my house cause he is stupid and doesnt check his phone then I walked to his house right as he pulled in and then had him drive me back to the park then I just got home
 
 ??
 
 Not home
 
 Wheb gome
 
 and you've been quiet today
 
 you ok?
 
 MWAH!
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/begguide5213 could you send this to me? pwease?\n
 
 Hey babe
 
 hey hun
 
 mwah
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3784220521.html
 
 so much more coffee and children with snooze buttons &lt;3
 
 there should be more coffee
 
 iknow. lol
 
 you know what I miss? Sleep. I have never been so fn tired in my damn life. I couldnt get back to sleep. And I didnt pass out till like 11 last night. definitely not enough sleep
 
 home soon?
 
 but Im not in mood for music
 
 I love mm 
 
 your idol. lol
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsumEnI5O2k
 
 tard
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfqTKt9RtNw haha
 
 lol
 
 They did water tables with bubbles today so there were puddles of water near the ramada and Saundra jumped right in. Damn thing came up to her knees. Good thing she was wearing shorts
 
 puddle?
 
 kk
 
 Saundra jumped in a puddle at the school
 
 Kids are crazy remind me that there is a pari of shoes out back
 
 weirdo
 
 ;p
 
 Uh huh
 
 nuh uh
 
  Eirdo
 
 &lt;(")
 
 :P
 
 ?
 
 Sometimes sometimes i wonder where your brain ids
 
 cuz
 
 you look at it
 
 smile
 
 ad think (he's a dork
 
 but he's my dork) lol
 
 Why you keep sending pointless crap
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/bar/3776924282.html
 
 In sorry hun
 
 makes me feel horrible but I just dont want to deal with her crazy
 
 Ifeel werid ause I keep ignoring my grandmothers phone calls until I know why she is calling
 
 yesh
 
 dumbass
 
 Billy tried to hammer a real nail into the wall with a plastic hammer...
 
 Im fuckign tired
 
 im dont with word shey are too hard
 
 no more links for cars we cant/dont need and afford nd shit and fuck words
 
 no
 
 old one
 
 a pretty white one
 
 its s truck. 
 
 but this link is for you
 
 GRRR
 
 STUPID BRAIN
 
 FUCK
 
 LINKS
 
 IM NOT CLICKING ANY MORE LAMPS BOZO
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3780292022.html
 
 seriously no more cars crazy
 
 haha
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3780364179.html
 
 no moe cars crazy pants
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3780492544.html
 
 lol
 
 dork
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3780829078.html  Ohhhh yes please lol
 
 damn teeth
 
 damn kids
 
 Sopha a cranker butt
 
 kk
 
 over by where we picked him up that time
 
 the shop is on the north side I think
 
 or where that shop is
 
 its his dads truck i dodmt know the mpg
 
 bwahahaha
 
 20 
 
 if dondon ever gets back to me
 
 Imma try to have him get over to the house and pick up the nissan so he can do the pressure tests
 
 and we can give him like what (50$?) for gas?
 
 and an genie thingy
 
 and the meds
 
 on the diapers
 
 at the store
 
 ?
 
 I spent 30 bucksish
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3777309418.html
 
 lol
 
 why do you keep looking at cars? we dont need cars?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3765191413.html
 
 even with the carseat its probably only 30 pounds lol
 
 and saundras not heavy
 
 so now shes got jolie lips and red cheeks and is screaming in her room face down IM sure making it worse
 
 cause shes an idiiot
 
 and hit her nose on the carseat buckle
 
 lol stop picking up heavy kds
 
 so she threw herself down to throw a fit
 
 then I told her to go in time out for ten minutes
 
 then she unhooked herself
 
 Then a half an hour
 
 cussing
 
 yelling and screaming at me later she got smacke
 
 She refused to attempt to unhook herself and told me no and screamed so I said fuck it. Un hooked her carseat from the car and took it with her still in it in the house.
 
 ?
 
 So between me and saundra shes a little poofy in the face right now
 
 still at work?
 
 her teeth are bad again
 
 she wont sleep unless she is holding me
 
 poor sopha
 
 and your supposed to be off at 4 :P
 
 No..youre just silly pants
 
 so smart so smart :) lol
 
 true.. lol
 
 lol email them?
 
 I need to somehow get to my car and text them..
 
 nope
 
 I can't make it to tutoring since I'm here until 430 minimum
 
 ugh you promised me dinner tonight and your gonna cancel cause you have tutoring huh
 
 kk
 
 lol
 
 yes only them
 
 handed to her or mikey only. lol
 
 I'll drop 80$ by her house on the way home. 
 
 sorry. :P
 
 NO
 
 for the tenth time this month
 
 kk do you have the atm card?
 
 so she wouldnt be able to pay you back until 6pm tomorrow or saturday mornign
 
 for his yearbook. Her check doesnt hit till tomorrow night at 6pm
 
 From your mum
 
 Can mikey borrow 75 dollars till friday night or Saturday?\n\n
 
 dont understand words
 
 children
 
 confused?
 
 ?
 
 dude what about "SHUT THE GATE NOW" is fucking difficultr? I really want to know
 
 Y it so fn hit
 
 Awe but then i dont have to take him to school tomorrow either 
 
 lol he would flip. lol
 
 Please. ..
 
 save me two trips
 
 can I just leave Adam at school till tomorrow?
 
 ten minutes in I look down at myself and im like um....awkward looking
 
 ? lol
 
 I keep rubbing my belly trying to make it stop
 
 I look like Im trying to get myself turned on
 
 or someone else turned on
 
 lol
 
 Im torn
 
 but then I dont have to drive/packkids/yellkids/unpack/pack/unpack kids while shitty
 
  really cause then I have todeal with adam/rene all day and they are jerk faces
 
 cause I would love for it to be over now
 
 seriously
 
 I hate school is it over yet?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3733122649.html ??
 
 lol
 
 all it meas is he has to clean out the litter box instead of preggo gf
 
 its not harmful
 
 and they are stupid
 
 Im allergic dumb fuck
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3780486035.html
 
 I cant lay back far enough
 
 stand up straight enough to fucking breathe
 
 Stretching
 
 &gt;?
 
 his sister is pushing him to it im sure but kids gonna kill me
 
 your son is going to be the death of me
 
 lol
 
 yuck
 
 get hep c or some shit
 
 no
 
 contaminated
 
 it looks yucky
 
 it has dirt in it
 
 ?
 
 its eeeeeewwwy
 
 ick noooo
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3741768187.html lol
 
 we have pavers in the backyard as is we dont need more
 
 cant have farm animals within city limits
 
 we have tones of baby clothes
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3777240417.html thoguhts?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3777133142.html OHHH PLEASE&gt; LOL
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3777989034.html
 
 no
 
 with no work done to it. lol
 
 we cant afford another car that needs to be fixed/registered/insured
 
 and straight put it up on craigslist to sell
 
 we dont need another car
 
 and if so
 
 I'll tow it to the house
 
 
 
 I asked it if has the title
 
 that needs a battery
 
 what about the free car?
 
 wed have to weed kill and spray and hoe first and thats a bitch
 
 I dont want to gravel the yard
 
 lol no not my moms car
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3779120585.html free bed
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3779602968.html LOVE IT!  we can gravel part of the yard fo free
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3779541688.html is this your moms car?
 
 lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/zip/3780437317.html
 
 it depends on shit and shit
 
 Its okay
 
 this is probably the last pictures
 
 maybe the second to last 
 
 :/
 
 "/
 
 I'm sorry babe
 
 Ill just bring them homje to show you I guess
 
 oh well
 
 I was hoping you could get off early on wed  for the pictures :( you havent gotten to come since the first one
 
 awe dont you feel needed... kinda
 
 they already said they dont know. lol
 
 then what are they gonna do
 
 haha they are fucked if the tell you youre out cause then you have to take your leave and do your paperwork
 
 I asked if I could take next week off. and was told no. lol I have to work Mon
 
 Tue
 
 and Wed at least. lol
 
 :( stupid heads
 
 they should let people eat
 
 but blech I dont feel good
 
 I mean I never feel good
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 I dont either
 
 and I can'teven go get food :P
 
 I think I ate too much
 
 I dont feel good
 
 I spend more time cleaning up after the washer I swear
 
 the one is just leaking tooo much now to really use it
 
 We need to find where the shut off valve is for the water
 
 Ill switch the valves on the water thingys for the washer
 
 granted I cant do anymore laundry now
 
 he put it next to the dresser this time
 
 but theres a whole bunch of shit back there and I think half of it is coated in pickle juic
 
 either that 
 
 or I bolt it into the wall. 
 
 we will give it to adam or put it in my close
 
 Im fine with that
 
 he doesnt put his clothes in it anyway
 
 I'm taking his dresser
 
 wtf?! time to start beating kids again
 
 and took a pack of hot dogs
 
 ate most of them
 
 one pickle left
 
 I dont see the pickles
 
 he ate all the pickles I hink
 
 at least the juice makes sense. but imptying a pickle jar on the floo?
 
 yeah you think its funny your not trying to get the sticky off the damn tile
 
 lol
 
 oh and apparently saundra stole one of the frozen juices
 
 kk
 
 I cant move the dresser myself
 
 im going to need help with that
 
 bubba stole my pickles...and emptied them in to his closet
 
 kk &lt;3 have fun
 
 I'll be back in a bit. got to go to a meeting. 
 
 and I really REALLY really dont want to go to eval again until double mint are redy to be evicted
 
 google it. it might be a manafestation of something
 
 I dont htink they can fix that
 
 and tell them the world tastes like its covered in dirt?
 
 call doctor?
 
 its aggravating and weird
 
 no clue babe
 
 I feel like people must in sand storms
 
 and I cant firgure out why
 
 its like the whole house is full of dirt
 
 tried getting a drink
 
 soda
 
 fix it
 
 I dislike it
 
 and why does everything taste breath like dirt?
 
 and weird
 
 36 packs? Not lots of fun
 
 its you stupid
 
 its 36 packs
 
 and thats lots of fun fun fun
 
 I can taste it. Like I rolled around in the dust
 
 I feel like my lungs are full of sand
 
 its making me cranky
 
 I cant breath
 
 you are an idiot
 
 i work at 7am tomorrow
 
 but I kinda wanna go to the release tonight so I can pick up my cards. lol
 
 lol
 
 it was under my pyurse
 
 nvm I found it
 
 house phone isnt plugged in
 
 call it from the phone at the house?
 
 I cant find my cell phone
 
 kids a pain in my booty some days
 
 kk
 
 adam may or may not have a freak out today. He was in a weird mood this morning
 
 cried all yesterday afternoon and for large portions of this morning then stormed out of the van refusing togive anyone hugs. So he may or may not freak out
 
 mines is always worse
 
 bwahahaha
 
 eh you dont count
 
 me too
 
 im so tired
 
 good
 
 lol
 
 even beat sgt hammond
 
 ya
 
 did you make it to work on time?
 
 shitheads
 
 owe
 
 fuck
 
 keep hitting me
 
 they aint got that kinda space
 
 stretching
 
 gdamn mother fucking sons of bitches
 
 I'm sorry hun
 
 fuck it hurts
 
 Wed own a backhoe though. Just incase
 
 Pain in my toosh. My government would be full of straight lines and less bs. Also id have ten guys with shovels digging one ditch. No back hoe for you. 
 
  See beurocracy
 
 Stupid heads
 
 the final people haven't goten it yet
 
 nothing yet. 
 
 Decision?
 
 Maybe
 
 possibly
 
 halfway done with this. 
 
 got an update... Legal finished with it
 
 and emailed it to ENlistments. Enlistments didn't get it so I gave them a copy of the email from Legal. now once they get the attachemtn resent to them
 
 they will figure out who it goes to next
 
 then send it off. lol
 
 okie fingers crossed for whatever decision you are hoping for at this particular moment
 
 I'm off to see if I can get an update on my appeal status
 
 oh well
 
 well ahead of time is beter than late. 
 
 new bill comes out tomorrow
 
 ok
 
 possibly since the next bill date isnt until tomorrow. The last billed amount was 140 which ws due on the 18th you paid on the 16th 
 
 I might have just paid the next bill that drops tomorrow. ?
 
 the phrasing confuses me
 
 Current Balance$0.00 \n\nLast Bill Amount$139.98 due on 04/18/2013 \n\nBill Date04/03/2013\n\nTotal Usage1200 kWh\n\nLast Payment$139.98 on 04/16/2013 \n\nNext Bill Date05/02/2013 \n
 
 okay
 
 so we need to pay it on the 15th again
 
 we're running a billing cycle behind I think... from the look of it
 
 paid TEP also
 
 tada
 
 will you mark on a notepad thingy on the computer that SC and Cox are done?
 
 cox is piad
 
 Next time
 
 you get to do the hard part
 
 kk
 
 its due the 15th
 
 net paycheck
 
 or is that next paycheck?
 
 do we owe on the phones?
 
 have to call Wellsfargo dammit
 
 seems like an aweful long ass time
 
 22 - 43 days 
 
 lol
 
 bum bum bum
 
 Im counting days
 
 I fucking hate this shit
 
 boredum
 
 ?
 
 ~~\n[__]
 
 :P
 
 gas for house dork not cars
 
 (with the star card. lol)
 
 and got gas for the Cadi
 
 just did the SC
 
 
 
 tires
 
 house cox gas insurance insurance sc
 
 what were the bills today again?
 
 :p
 
 &lt;3
 
 Maybe you should pay attention to that....
 
 I'm at sexual assault prevention training
 
 having fun?
 
 No clue
 
 why do the tabs keep closing when Im not even pushing on the damn tab that closes?
 
 we have to remember to get bb next week
 
 long ass mother fucking day already
 
 fuck
 
 my emotions hormones stress and guilt levels ight now are not helping me
 
 its ust too far down
 
 I cant bend
 
 Im making them clean it up but ill have to have you finish later
 
 grr
 
 Yeah its only like a fifteen percent mortality rate. Its just so weird. Damn kids are in trouble cocered their floors in salt. 
 
 so probably decently soon
 
 well he went the day after
 
  Im not sure how i feel. Theres a chance this could kill him. More of a chance the longer time there was before he got treatment. This is so weird
 
 Dad. I guess he had a colonoscopyyesterday and something must have gone wrong cause he woke up this morning in pain and took an ambulance to the hospital. Hes in surgery. Im glad Stacey called me though
 
 shes hysterical. Mom isnt even telling the boys or letting me tell them until mikey gets home
 
 she doesnt want kris freaking him out.
 
 ?
 
 they think he has a perforated colon
 
 stacey just called me
 
 robs in surgery
 
 these girls are fucking stupid
 
 LMAO\n
 
 she abandoned him at birth and hasnt spent any time in the past 8 months with him. 
 
 she aint getting the kid back
 
 she aint got a leg to stand on
 
 haha
 
 yeah
 
 did you see Kendra's new post?
 
 Im not to worried about it
 
 I figured
 
 I'll probably figure it out
 
 I can try. 
 
 "can phillip network computers
 
 I cant find my hardrive so im just going to give you my laptop and he can network and pull the movies off"
 
 I think its part of the headache
 
 my eyeballs arent focusing and its making me cranky
 
 I might too
 
 The kids are gonna die
 
 or your kids
 
 I dont like you or your computer
 
 its making me mad too
 
 its double clicking and closing shit.
 
 the computer is being stupid
 
 I dont like you then
 
 butthead
 
 :'(
 
 i can't babe. I'm sorry..
 
 please
 
 fix it
 
 I feel like crap
 
 I hate being sick
 
 stupid days of the week
 
 not yet
 
 is it tomorrow yet?
 
 I hate oatmeal
 
 I am eating oatmeal
 
 there isnt enough food
 
 and its like jammed in there
 
 theres crap on it
 
 it rolls
 
 make the kids move it. lol
 
 lol
 
 and its making me angry
 
 its inbetween me and soda
 
 we really need to move the stoller
 
 so there
 
 and I aint waiting if you get busted 
 
 your not even allowed to TALK to underagers because you dont remember not to be stupid
 
 except you dont listen
 
 uh huh
 
 in my messed up mind with pink skys and purple polka dots
 
 I'm poifect. lol :P
 
 fucking tards the lot of you
 
 And you wonder where the kids get it from... :P
 
 I swear I yell at you multiple times just as often as I do at the kids. No ones ever listening to the words coming out of my  mouth
 
 HEYTARD FACE
 
 STOP TALKING TO TEENAGERS.
 
 lol
 
 we are not a fucking mechanics shop
 
 we do not need a fucking lift either
 
 no we dont
 
 Why do our children continually decide that Sophias toys are better then theirs?
 
 we do need one of those. lol
 
 we dont even have a lift
 
 tard
 
 dont need an engine either
 
 its literally just the engine. 
 
 its not a car
 
 tottitkittgiitgti9gutgt8uiyyritguiggy5hyujgiujtjutttuutttuuuuuyttyuurtyy5uythjufkvfkutjggggtut888856776i8568 69 86 88888888888888668888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888888ug u gnjgnhhjybhjhhhhhhhhhhhhhkkkkbjhkjhkjkjkhikkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkpppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppueoivovy'[upno ilbop tvh' pkomlnim ovu rfnuyr vt6t fyv eykfbrgtinv
 
 No more cars
 
 150$ and we get every part and transmission for the nissan. lol
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/pts/3717582939.html 
 
 Tard $$ we have none
 
 I'm feeling crafty
 
 we need to get some cheapy dressers and paint
 
 but but its pretty. lol
 
 Not for three fifty babe
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/fuo/3742920339.html
 
 grrrr
 
 stupid double mintstupid you
 
 stupid house fo doom
 
 thats fucking annoying as all hell you know
 
 and im hungry and theres no food till tomorrow
 
 I feel like poop
 
 lol
 
 now later when you is home you can watch it and I wont have to remember what I sent
 
 there.
 
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk
 
 there is extra shit in there
 
 I coppied and pasted dont aske me why 
 
 I dont know
 
 youtu.be ?
 
 I can't view it
 
 Im hormonal
 
 ?
 
 &lt;3
 
 http://youtu.be/lDK9QqIzhwk
 
 fn dog ate my corn bread hes an assface
 
 your a dork
 
 Lol
 
 Now Broadway and pantano
 
 Now Scarlett and pantano
 
 why?
 
 Beverly and pantano 
 
 ?
 
 where are you/
 
 Lol
 
 so im annoyed/proud
 
 Adam got in trouble for stealing billys milk
 
 but for once he didnt lie about it. He said he saw it and wanted it and forgot to ask for milk if he wanted it
 
 she had just wonken up and apparently hadnt had her nap time poo yet
 
 Sophia
 
 Sophia or saundra
 
 Your daughter shit herself
 
 and her carseat right as we pulled into the school and of course this happens to be the one damn time I dont have a fucking extra set of clothes for her. I found a pair of sponge bob pants
 
 so we went in with her wearing nothing but the pink sb pants 
 
 kk mwah
 
 guess I better go get sophia up then. ttyl
 
 hate them all
 
 stupid kids
 
 and we have no money to give him
 
 Kris has no gas
 
 I think you should make Kris go get them. lol
 
 your a poop
 
 you arent aknowleging my rants
 
 but not assembly required
 
 fully restored 4500 yeah
 
 this dudes nuts
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3772846153.html
 
 please
 
 can I stay inside until mid june?
 
 almost there
 
 fuck I dont want go outside :(
 
 almost there
 
 4.5 weeks/7 weeks
 
 lol
 
 its got sprayed camo print
 
 But I want that one too
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3706683651.html my truck. LMAO
 
 it is sooo pretty
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3751609521.html ur truck. lol
 
 star card
 
 house cox gas insurance insurance
 
 Im a fucking native
 
 and I cant deal with the heat. Its annoying. I used to be able to deal with the heat
 
 I dont like it
 
 it makes me angry and sick
 
 I just have to live with it
 
 we cant
 
 this paycheck has the morgage
 
 I'll see if we can hard budget it on this paycheck. 
 
 kk
 
 In theory
 
 don don should be able to do a blower motor right?
 
 Im too sick and to fat for this heat
 
 or fucking ac in the front of the vn
 
 thats what I wnt
 
 what I want is a self driving vehicle that picks the kids up
 
 ohhh why?
 
 no
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3751826840.html lol
 
 it seems like it never ends
 
 twenty three more times
 
 four more weeks
 
 picking up the kids is like the most absoloutley fucked part of my day
 
 I hat the afternooons
 
 and we have Idk about 11 years before worrying about the kids and prom
 
 your a dork
 
 silly man not enough seat belts
 
 imagine pulling up to prom in a cadi limo. lol
 
 no no 
 
 uh huh 
 
 we dont need a limo silly face
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3765703212.html haha I want! lol
 
 I think imma puke
 
 I feels liek poo
 
 I dont feels good
 
 I forgot about evangaline. :( iMMA CRY
 
 is it bed time?
 
 can I sleep now?
 
 I just want sleep
 
 Im tried because I cant sleep
 
 your tired from meds
 
 Ugh I just want to sleep
 
 see much more practical price
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3771731279.html
 
 that one makes more sense
 
 you could get 1300 plus scrap metal
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3772389714.html
 
 lol
 
 :(\n
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3773820453.html
 
 crazy people
 
 lol
 
 1250 for a frame and body?
 
 http://tucson.craigslist.org/cto/3760401965.html lol
 
 Kk
 
 Grocery list for the first\nBread\nsteak\nhamburger\nchicken\nfrozen stuff for me\nlunch meat\nsliced cheese\ncereal\neggs\n
 
 its gonna be a week before I ca get on there
 
 I wasnt even trying to do any classes just looking at the list
 
 :( server crashed
 
 it wouldnt count for any credits or anything but it might have cool stuff for you to want to knows
 
 lol
 
 they have a whole bunch on computers and artificial intelligence too
 
 uh oh.. .time to knock you up again
 
 you'll get to smart and leave me. lol
 
 heehee I get to be smart again
 
 cause its sad
 
 :P lol you have fun deary dear
 
 I just need information for my brain
 
 No but I dont need credits
 
 are they worth credits?
 
 IM SO EXCITED
 
 AND I CAN USE MY BRAIN
 
 lol
 
 THEY HAVE ART AND ART HISTORY AND CREATIVE WRITING AND BIOLOGY AND MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
 
 IM HAPPY
 
 YAY
 
 THEY HAVE FREE INTERWEB INFO CLASSES ON EVERYTHING
 
 PHILLIP
 
 Going Dutch:\n\nPsychic Strike\n\n \n\n\nIt happens to everyone.  We all know the feeling.  The feeling you get when you miss a land drop yet again.  When you have to mulligan down to six because you only got one land in your opener
 
 only to see that again you only have one land in your starting hand.  You ask yourself why this is happening in a deck that plays twenty six lands.  How is this statistically possible?  Why is this happening to you? \n\nConversely
 
 you\u2019re playing aggro.  You find yourself becoming flooded.  All you need is that last point of damage to resolve.  You have a million burn spells in your deck.  All you need is one.  You draw your next card; another land.  The person on the other side of the table drops a sigh of relief as you play yet another land
 
 then proceeds to drop a Thragtusk on the table and wins the game.\n\nBut it doesn\u2019t stop there.  You\u2019re still thinking about how you should have won that match.  All you had to do was draw just one more land.   All you had to do was draw any creature or burn spell off the top.  You don\u2019t feel like your opponent deserved it.  He got lucky.  He didn\u2019t win.  You lost. \n\nWhen you sit down for the next round
 
 the previous match is still going on in your head.  Several things can happen; you lose focus and don\u2019t play as sharp
 
 because you are analyzing everything that went wrong in the previous match.  Another common thing is that you feel like it\u2019s not your night
 
 and that you\u2019re just going to lose this one anyway.  It\u2019s a hopeless cause.  You\u2019re not making top 8 anyhow unless you win the next four in a row. \n\nOr
 
 maybe this is a win you deserve.  You\u2019ve been running bad
 
 it\u2019s your turn to get lucky.  Instead of playing with your usual reserve and poise
 
 you play loose and run into a counterspell you weren\u2019t prepared for.  The nail is driven deeper into the coffin that is your confidence.  Why am I playing this game?\n\nWe\u2019ve all had this happen.  Where do these feelings stem from?  This article will analyze some of the psychological aspects of the game
 
 and how you can better overcome them.\n\nA False Sense of Entitlement\n\nMost of us know that if we want to get something we want we have to train for it.  We have to prepare more than the other guy
 
 invest more than the other guy
 
 sweat more than the other guy
 
 and work our butts off for every gain we make in every sense of life.\n\nUsually this will pay off.  Because of your preparation
 
 you read the metagame correctly and chose this deck; or adjusted your sideboard correctly
 
 and your chances of winning have increased accordingly.  You feel more confident in your play knowing that you have done everything you can before this tournament and are a better player for it.\n\nThis is good
 
 but where any player can run into trouble is a sense of entitlement.  You feel like you deserve to win no matter what.  That it\u2019s your tournament to lose.  Confidence is a good thing; when I\u2019m confident I\u2019m more apt to pick up on subtle clues and play intuitively.  I don\u2019t get caught off guard or asleep at the wheel and generally feel sharper.  But what you cannot do is expect to win by sheer force of will (unless you\u2019re playing Legacy of course).  When you expect a certain result and feel entitled to it
 
 and it doesn\u2019t happen
 
 it can lead to tilt. \n\nWe\u2019ve all had it.  The tilt monster has reared its ugly head and snickered at us over our shoulder.  It\u2019s whispered bad decisions into your head while looking at your hand.  All of a sudden you cascade down into madness
 
 and before you know it you have made one bad decision after another and lost the match.\n\nThe Charm cycle is a good example of this.  The more choices you have
 
 the easier it is to make the wrong one.  Should you use your Selesnya Charm to keep your creature alive during combat
 
 or do you hold it in hand to exile a possible Angel of Serenity that could be coming down next turn
 
 as your opponent has a grip of cards and six mana currently?  Do you put an attacker on top of the opponent\u2019s library with your Azorius Charm to preserve your life total or do you try to cycle and draw into the land you need so you can Supreme Verdict the board? \n\nIzzet Charm can be just as bad of a headache.  Do you want to burn an attacker before damage or do you want to save it to stop Garruk
 
 Primal Hunter from hitting the table?  Do you have enough life to let the creature hit you and kill it at end of turn when your opponent does nothing and passes
 
 fearing the counterspell?  Or do you burn the creature now and sigh despondently when your opponent destroys your hand with Rakdos\u2019 Return?\n\nWhen any of these decisions go wrong it can put us onto tilt.  We start analyzing all the previous information and circumstances that led to this point.  This can be good if it leads to constructive self-criticism.  But you want to save it until after the match.  For now
 
 you should put it behind you and focus on getting back into the match.  Easier said than done right?\n\nBack from the Brink\n\nHow do you un-tilt yourself
 
 as it were?  There are several techniques I use.  You may find them handy as well.\n\n1.Take a time out.  Use ten
 
 twenty
 
 thirty seconds or so just to breathe.  Draw your next card.  Look at it.  Comebacks are possible and have happened.  Just because your chances to win have lessened doesn\u2019t mean they are now at zero.\n\n2.Take stock of the situation.  How many cards does your opponent have on the board.  Which of his lands are tapped?  Envision a scenario that lets you win.  Which cards will help you and how?  How many cards does your opponent have?  Has he or she been playing cautiously or aggressively?  Can you keep him playing cautiously
 
 or do you have the sort of hand that wants to punish your opponent for over-extending?  How do you get him to do these things?  Visualize the win.  This was one of Arnold Schwarzenegger\u2019s favorite things to do.  He would envision a goal and imagine himself already there
 
 then work his butt off to attain that goal.   Envisioning that goal first would keep him focused on the task at hand
 
 whether it involved getting a six-pack or bigger calves.  You can do the same
 
 whether it involves getting a problematic permanent off the board to figuring out how to do those last few points of damage to your opponent.\n\n3.Play your game.  If you don\u2019t let tilt get to you and keep playing at your best you keep your chances of winning at its highest.  Take sports as an example.  When a team at the top of the league plays a team near the bottom of the league
 
 you expect the better ranked team to win.  The players on the field might feel the same way.  But when things don\u2019t go as expected (once again we come to the sense of entitlement\u2026the better team expects to win) and the worse team scores first
 
 it can build the confidence of those players while shaking the confidence of the other team.  All of a sudden the lower-ranked team is playing better while the supposed top-ranked team is rushing their passes and trying to force their way through defenses instead of just playing the game with confidence.  The same thing can happen in magic.  You lost game one to a good match-up or to what you feel (sense of entitlement) is a worse opponent
 
 and it now affects your play game two.  Instead
 
 play your own game the way you know how and don\u2019t let the wheels fall of the wagon.  Focus on how to sculpt a winning hand; how to get maximum value out of your cards; how to push through those points of damage.  Every time you are successful at these small goals you set for yourself during a match it will not only build your confidence but your chance to win.\n\nI hope some of these techniques and examples will help you play better and prevent you from tilting the next time you face a dire situation.  In the future I will possibly write on article on self-critique and how to use it to improve your play instead of over-analyzing every aspect of your game.  Until then
 
 don\u2019t bonk!\n\nEric van der Lelij\n\n
 
 :)
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/dutch42913  pretty please.... 
 
 would the chocolate complenslate
 
 I wonder if he likes reeses
 
 Ive never actually seen him eat one
 
 lol
 
 hes so weird
 
 Why doesnt bubba like peanut butter? 
 
 sammiches
 
 i gotta make lunch and i hurt too much to move i was hit by a stealth truck
 
 im sorry hun
 
 i8 dont feel good. maybe sophas really sick cause i think i am
 
 kitchen is all the way over &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;tghere
 
 I dont want to get up and make lunch
 
 some kids just sponge
 
 yep
 
 happens
 
 umm.... wow.. lol 
 
 http://gma.yahoo.com/blogs/abc-blogs/kindergartner-becomes-mensa-member-105144817.html
 
 shes just not happy
 
 she cranker sad face
 
 ?
 
 sopha sick
 
 just want to curl up and sleep
 
 I m sooo tired and hungry
 
 I dont feel good
 
 also I want snuggles and sleep
 
 I need more foods
 
 and id have to pack up kids etc etc
 
 not for an hour
 
 its friday
 
 lol you have money
 
 I will leave johnny depp for food
 
 is so tasty I love it. I will leave you for food
 
 mmmmm food
 
 yes
 
 yes
 
 and one of those everything on it burgers from weirnershnitzel
 
 and ranch fries
 
 and an eegees grinder
 
 and I want tacos
 
 :'(
 
 THEY WONT COOK
 
 IM SOOO HUNGRY
 
 I JUST WNAT THE FOOD
 
 lol
 
 WHY WONT THEY GET HOT!
 
 chicken nuggets taking too long to cook
 
 hungry
 
 a whole elephant
 
 please food
 
 can I have food
 
 also im hungry
 
 lol
 
 sucks to hav a penis
 
 So after the convo last night all I keep thinking is it must suck to be a man
 
 you can never really secretly do that. There wll always be evidence
 
 The garbage needs to go out (including the diaper genie) and that fucking random ass wood we couldnt figure out that keeps popping up in the living room
 
 it comes from adams shoes. He runs around on the playground and gets the wood mulch in his shoes then doesnt pay attention. From now on his shoes come off in the entry way and he picks up the mess
 
 Adam burned himself on the slide at school
 
 ok
 
 and pick up the stuff to donate
 
 kk
 
 gettin ready to head home for lunch. 
 
 lol
 
 chicken nuggets yeah biutches
 
 lol
 
 not as cute when you do it
 
 mwah
 
 lol
 
 cuase she knows its cute as shit
 
 and then laughs
 
 you go I love you sopha and she goes muah muah
 
 its fn cute
 
 Sopha blows kisses now when you say I love you
 
 no chance of class or normalcy there.
 
 yours is too. the kids are screwed
 
 nah of course not
 
 my family is fucked
 
 lol
 
 and it all started cause mom straight up asked jim which pawn shop he sold her camera at so she could see if they still had it. Grown ass crack head running to his momma.
 
 so you kow
 
 and deal with jim cause hes my damn uncle
 
 cause she is crazy
 
 so I just ignore her bs
 
 Well I feel that way too but shes my grandma you know
 
 lol
 
 like her and grandmas birthday is on the same day so we celebrate it at the same time and shes like I dont even know what to do about my birthday cause fuck it im done
 
 moms pissed as fuck
 
 idk lol
 
 either she is losing her mind even more to dementia or she has upped her lying for jim
 
 apparently grandma has completely spaced the two month long argument that she had with mom over the camera
 
 lol
 
 good food
 
 and they are only 89 cents
 
 I like pot pies
 
 got cereal and some pot pies
 
 I see it tgrough the screen
 
 lol
 
 it hides... fucker
 
 it doesnt pop up in front of the screen anymore
 
 oh.. I always forget baout that damn ad
 
 No the ads live jasmin
 
 I'm sorry
 
 thoughtI closed it last night
 
 how?
 
 You left the porn site as up
 
 bow down before my epic
 
 Damn right mother fucker
 
 Yes you are
 
 just thought you should know
 
 I am MOTHER FUCKING SUPERWOMAN
 
 eeeew
 
 I dont want to tlak to you while you poo
 
 no its yucky
 
 just trying to multitask loo
 
 weirdo
 
 it cant wait five minutes? 
 
 why are you asking me what I want while you poo
 
 food
 
 What you want? :)
 
 Im hungry
 
 point being you are both fucign stupid
 
 love you toooooo :P
 
 and your both like oh this is smart. No its stupid as shit
 
 its a waste of fucking money we dont/she doesnt have
 
 yes eventually we need
 
 right now No dont fucking NEED
 
 two youre fucking blowing money/shes blowing money on shit we dont fucking NEED
 
 One I genuinely dont give a flying fuck about the damn tires
 
 howso?
 
 You did and mom did. You are both idiots
 
 not sure if I finished that thought earlier
 
 and is getting 4 more used so I can pick them up on Wed. for 40$ a piece
 
 so your mom bought a new tyre. 
 
 Contractions since this morning and because ive been rocking rolling and sitting with them i fucked uup my legs too
 
 whast going on?
 
 I'm sorry hun. 
 
 I fucking hurt
 
 kk
 
 yeah when we sent in renes
 
 kk have we already sent his permission slip in?
 
 yep and his field trip is tomorrow
 
 adam picked a convienent day to be sic. lol
 
 no one has to be picked up frfom school do they?
 
 love you
 
 ok
 
 and who knows how long she can get them for 40$ a piece
 
 luckily that means that we can drive the van until the next tire geos
 
 and then just replace it. 
 
 whatever
 
 so we have a spare for each of the remaining tyres
 
 I told her to see if she could get 4 and I'll pick them up next tuesday
 
 your moms (south side connections)
 
 lol
 
 tires
 
 ?
 
 40$ each. 
 
 yes yes
 
 and probably some egg noodles. 
 
 yeah at least
 
 something like that?
 
 ok. we could do what? half of the dressing and like a case of raman?
 
 I mean we will use it but thats the stuff we have ALOT of
 
 we could donate some dressing and some noodles and some ramen
 
 Good Morning ALL
 
\n\n \n\nWe would like to do a squadron food drive this week to help support the Casa Maria soup kitchen.  Your donations will help feed people less fortunate.  Please drop off any items you have in your cupboards that you don\u2019t need/want to the 12 AF CCC or PA office NLT 29 April.  Anything will be accepted\u2026unless its growing mold.  Also
 
 any plastic bags or baggies you may have excess of would be appreciated.\n  \ndo we have naything that you dont want? in th garage?
 
 fucking stupid contractions
 
 "I didnt hit her for real" no you just balled up your fists and hit in the back fake
 
 hes socking saundra in the back
 
 he keeps pissing me off
 
 and billy is not helping me
 
 I really really really am not in a good mood
 
 tanya deyoe rose
 
 how do you spell your moms damn name?
 
 love you
 
 asshat
 
 fuck off
 
 Im not going in between
 
 lol love you
 
 you are af ucking adult
 
 I DONT GIVE A FLYING FUCK
 
 she never writes back. lol she hates me remember. :P
 
 You asking me is just annoying
 
 I DONT KNOW
 
 Im not there
 
 then ask my fucking mom
 
 trying to do price adding for the rest of the tyres
 
 your starting to piss me off
 
 now stop being nosey and accept the free tire
 
 so I dont know
 
 i dont know how much it is I aint paying for it
 
 when it was general pricing it was 150.00 but hats before she actually decided to buy one
 
 150$ used?
 
 fucking stupid you are
 
 seriously 
 
 It is used the one we are buying
 
 that CHEAPER
 
 one
 
 or should she go to the tire place and get a used of
 
 are they buying new ones?
 
 so im assuming thats still the plan
 
 and I was arguing with her
 
 nah cause that wa her plan going in
 
 Your mums a little.... du dur dur
 
 I'd double check
 
 I think that was the plan
 
 and he should fix that tyre as a spare anyways
 
 lol you should have said. the other ones are just as bad
 
 and I was just like whatever stupid head
 
 and she was like MY GRANDBABIES
 
 sI told mom she was a stupid head and just to fix the damn thing
 
 warned you about that. lol
 
 yeah too much dry rot I gues
 
 that sucks
 
 the tread was good on them
 
 lol so.... 450$ left to replace
 
 so we are getting a enw tire
 
 and she even took the spare down cause it had better tread but obviously no fix
 
 apparently her and marty decided it was too dry rotted
 
 lol moms buying us  anew tire
 
 just saw it... passing it on. lol
 
 dont need any of that. Well I need a nursing pillow but I need a double
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/family/free-nursing-pillow-carseat-canopy-and-nursing-cover-just-pay-shipping/
 
 nissan tyres are like 80 I think. lol
 
 lol
 
 not too bad tires for the lack fvan are up to 100.00
 
 told yuo they were expensive. lol
 
 yep
 
 ouchies!
 
 600$ for new tyres
 
 if it comes down to it
 
 moms talking about buying us one since she owes us like 70.00
 
 scared me
 
 oh.. ok.
 
 mom asked how much it would cost while she was talking to him
 
 not yet at least
 
 we arent buying a new one
 
 I fugured the nail wouldn't be repairable
 
 can he not repair the one that your mom took with the screw?
 
 new tire 150.0
 
 asshat
 
 Also Ive been having contractions since I woke up this morning and had to get down and scrub the poop you "cleaned up" So Im cranky with you anyway
 
 :P
 
 Im not an idiot
 
 you obviously are deaf even in type
 
 What about "I told her which to take" did you not grasp
 
 your an idiot
 
 ?
 
 so she took the one with the screw not the nail one.
 
 finished cleaning up the dog poop
 
 and your daughter who dont feel well
 
 took care of your son
 
 cleaned the house
 
 Ialso made breakfast
 
 yes I told her which to take
 
 because he may not be able tofix the spare. 
 
 then did you tell her which to take?
 
 kk
 
 we will take the spare in next week
 
 noep just the one
 
 he wont do both for free
 
 ur mom get both of the tyres?
 
 kk
 
 since he hasnt puked yet
 
 I think he just worked himself up so much when the bitch didnt call and he was in sooo much terouble and she still didnt call when he "needed her" and he lost his clothes and he just gave himself a bad tummy
 
 not condusive to school.
 
 He is doing that thing where he walks three steps and falls to the floor and lays there 
 
 adams sraying home
 
 now just to list important dates and tada done
 
 numbers printed
 
 schedules
 
 cleaning instructions all printed
 
 oh I have to make a month schedule so it shows doctors appts
 
 lab work
 
 school etc etc
 
 I think thats it
 
 I got a list of All the phone numbers whoever ends up here might need
 
 imma make a schedule for house cleaning
 
 ive got a schedule written up for daily shit for kids
 
 lol
 
 im trying to make the house and kids as idiot proof as possible
 
 babies
 
 ?
 
 trying to get everything scheduled and figured out so you guys wont be headless chickens while im gone
 
 sophas 15 month check up and more shots
 
 july 2 9:30 
 
 there is just sooo much to do
 
 and week after that sono
 
 grr and next week I have appt
 
 and we need to Remember to plan saundras bday party in june
 
 And I need to make her an appt for three months from now too
 
 I gotta get her tested for anemia. 
 
 oh and remind me to get sophias blood drawn
 
 dont they fn know I only have one fucking mouth
 
 and when they do tell me thy disagree
 
 havent told me what they want to eat really at all in the past seven months
 
 Stupid kids wont tell me what they want to eat
 
 all that makes me think is TOXIC in childrens face
 
 I swear I hit menopause while knocked up. I havent seen capt poo but he just ate half a bowl of food so im assuming hes feeling good
 
 lol
 
 I cannot keep myself comforatable. I m too hot then im too cold then im hot then cold
 
 I'm awesome. thats why
 
 so why you have dwarf babies?
 
 see normal sized
 
 lol I was 7lbs 11oz
 
 I make fat kids and for some reason your kids are just munchkins. I mean seriously
 
 judging by the brats Id expect you to be 5 ft 2 and 115 lbs
 
 especially when sitting next to bubba
 
 one thing she got from her daddy since saundra is obviously small too
 
 and that sophia is just small
 
 My last kids were big thats all
 
 no she just said eh
 
 sorry
 
 ok
 
 grr!
 
 I can pick them up at normal time
 
 but I have to come back to work after I drop them off
 
 are they worried?
 
 13th?
 
 lol
 
 Told you she was a midget
 
 sopha is in the 50th percentile height and 13th percentile weight. Tiny munchkin
 
 Allen Phillip missed a call from Nikkole.
 
 oki they dont get out till 2:40 but I figure you picking them up early is better then nothing. I know today is your work out day though so 
 
 cause I dont want to sit there toaa and wait with little miss I got four shots and IM cranky
 
 I'll see if I can get off to go pick them up
 
 kk
 
 so hopefully hell patch the leak and do it for free.
 
 The point of the previous convo being I need you to take the tire off tonight. Mom is gonna take the kids to school tomorrow and take the tire to the free fix tire guy there
 
 sure... I can try... 
 
 Cause I really dont want to drive the van on that tire
 
 think you could pick them up on your lunch break?
 
 I dont know how the hell imma get the kids from school. 
 
 I made it to school the tire went completely flat aired it up with moms compressor and then when I got out of the docs it was flat again. Filled it again and now im home and its flat again
 
 the front  tire has had a slow leak for a while and it just got worse
 
 take care not typing microphone
 
 I can't understand anything you type
 
 just message me when you get home.
 
 wow... 
 
 ?
 
 Lolita I haven't had time to take Lolita I haven't had time to 
 
 and how did our van get a flat?
 
 ok.. that I understood. 
 
  the ban has a flat tire need you to take it off tonight so I can have mom take it to the store
 
 ?  sooo fucking confused..
 
  microfone
 
 Flat tire
 
 Need you to take the front tire of the band tonight so I can take it to the tire store tomorrow it is black actually I'm going to have mom
 
 . Can tomorrow so that I can have mom to get to Jack for your sexy to do tonight when you get back from tutoring.( umm... what does this mean?)
 
 yummy
 
 . Can tomorrow so that I can have mom to get to Jack for your sexy to do tonight when you get back from tutoring
 
 kk
 
 No
 
 your mom still need washer/dryer?
 
 Kenmore Washer/Dryer. Brand new
 
 only used for six months while at Keesler
 
 but my current apartment complex has a washer and dryer. Asking $500 for both. Let me know if you want to see pictures!\n
 
 And ofcourse saundra and billy are starving to death
 
 Yeah 
 
 you have all three kiddos with you?
 
 So tired and like always frisby is over booked
 
 Esl
 
 discusion. lol
 
 might bring itup in topic. lol
 
 Doesnt look like it. Hes about one
 
 Ick badname souns like elials or however you spell skin pieces
 
 Aaliyah
 
 I dont like it. 
 
 heres a baby girls name. 
 
 lol
 
 lol do the parent know?
 
 Little boy in the waiting rom all rilled up no way hes not mildly autistic. I know that scream
 
  Eh
 
 I'll check frys after tutoring
 
 well talk to your mommy about possibly. 
 
 lol
 
 F that for me
 
 snack time for the kids. lol
 
 it would be nice to get a bunch o free pizza rolls. 
 
 Tard
 
 since she owes us the 25$
 
 that would be a nice way to spend like 10 of it. lol
 
 I'll check after tutoring
 
 and if they are
 
 maybe we can get your mom to order some coupons
 
 and I can shop for us and her
 
 
 
 :(
 
  and thats only if Fry's has them on closeout
 
 we would have to order coupons though. :'(
 
 Yay
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/22/kroger-closeout-deals-save-on-totinos-quaker-oatmeal-and-more/ pizza rolls for free. lol
 
 I was at bike shop 
 
 your message was sent from DM. lol
 
 And your at dm lil
 
 How did i get onto what
 
 Huh
 
 lol
 
 oh yea.. and how did you get onto \n\nSent from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base \n
 
 Won't be hinge for hours Sophia one yr check up
 
 http://www.amazingmtg.com/manasoup42313  please? :)  copy and paste? :)
 
 I told ypu doofenshmirtz ugly lol
 
 finally saw a picture of Brad. OMFG  WOW.... umm..... genetic defect maybe? lol
 
 Ok 
 
 may 3rd
 
 not this saturday but next saturday
 
 ohy.. and next saturday I work from 1030pm-600am
 
 Im sick
 
 I'm out of it. 
 
 Grr
 
 :P
 
 Penis head
 
 Uh uh mine
 
 :P
 
 Bozo
 
 Or on my fb. You sent message to amanda from me 
 
 ?
 
 Grrrrr
 
 Hey dont send fb nessages on my phone fucktard
 
 Hey i wasnt loking forward to cleaning up the water when i got back cause even with bith buckets it overflowed in twenty five ninutes
 
 goodie
 
 lol
 
 all fixed. loo
 
 Is all fixed
 
 koolio. 
 
 koolic
 
 The potty
 
 ?
 
 Kris fixed it for me :)
 
 Yes $1 something
 
 kk
 
 Love you :) I'm in my way home
 
 but have to be back at work before one
 
 theres still a package in the fridge though
 
 not cooked no
 
 Is there any bacon left
 
 he pretty much ust sleeps right now
 
 yeah but god knows
 
 The puking can takes hours  the bigger thing is if he poops
 
 then we know he's fine
 
 he hasnt puked it up yet so so far so good
 
 gave capt the grease
 
 I made a whole pound
 
 :D
 
 have you started cooking the bacon yet? D:
 
 makes my ass look small lol
 
 look at my giant bloated belly of doom
 
 ya her. 
 
 lol
 
 upside makes my eyes look hella blue
 
 cause thats all I think
 
 raggedy anne?
 
 wats her name
 
 its like you are the doll....
 
 lol
 
 Its like fake ginger wig read
 
 happy?
 
 can't view
 
 post to page. 
 
 
 
 picture?
 
 lol  Bright red
 
 next time I want darker
 
 definitely a little too light for me
 
 Well we shall see when it dries but right now i look a little ronald McDonald'
 
 my scalp is too dry for dye
 
 itchy!
 
 five more minutes grrr 
 
 itchy itchy itchy
 
 seriously 
 
 lol
 
 the dye is itching my brain!
 
 fn kids are evil
 
 I changed my mind i dont want a nap waaaaaah
 
 Idk i dont have my gps on so it must crap shoot where i am
 
 lol its still saying country club estates. LMAO
 
 Im home. Idk apparently we moved? 
 
 tucson country club estates?
 
 Light red made for dark hair so my bleached parts might end up a bit bright. Kids watching superman saundra "ylets yluter bad bad guy!"
 
 what color?
 
 and I got two boxes of dye to make sure the color gets covered
 
 :D
 
 thats almost half 
 
 hey out of 30 dollars I spent a record. 14 on myself
 
 lmao
 
 and hair dye
 
 binkies for sopha
 
 superman for the kids
 
 I bought live free or die hard
 
 blew my birthday money
 
 nope. wouldnt miss him if he was gone no love. just general awe poor puppy for living thing
 
 suuuuure
 
 nope definitely dont love him
 
 you love him
 
 you just hate that he's not traineed more
 
 I hate him but not that much
 
 poor puppy
 
 it would be sad
 
 Hopefully it works for the puppy
 
 I dont want him to have surgery. :(
 
 yup
 
 yeah rked out nice right
 
 good thing you aer making bacon today
 
 and I thawed some last night. lol
 
 So I texted Syl. She says it is possible he has a blockage. She says to try giving him some bacon grease to loosen things up and if that doesnt work then we neede to take him in tomorrow
 
 damn... nm
 
 he's in Kansas.
 
 thoguhts
 
 way to get rid of the ones in our house and possibly make like 50$
 
 Guy paying 10$ per broken xbox. 
 
 ISO Broken Xboxs still. \n\nAlso do case mods $50. Fat and slim versions. Fat LED fan upgrade +$20 slim +$10 on modded cases. If you only want fan installed then $30 for fat $20 for slim. \nMake sure your warranty is over cause once its opened its voided. \n\n... If I got a box ready to sell I can also do trades for broken ones (no banned boxes
 
 only give ya $10 for parts vause that all it worth to me) \nI have one good box on hand im going to sell case modded for $100. Speak up for it and choose your color ( red blue green)\n\nThis pic of box im finishing up for customer
 
 uh huh uh huh you like it\n
 
 im so sick of going in there
 
 I dont wanna go in again until the kids are coming out
 
  Lol ok Dr sepulveda
 
 fuck that
 
 cause shell make me call and then Ill go and they will give me more benedryl (I just took some) anmd send me home at 11 at night
 
 grrrr no
 
 Ask your mum
 
 I hate calling if I call I have to go in 98% of the time
 
 Who knows
 
 doesn't hurt since it's not normal
 
 it seems weird to cal the doctor for what is probably like contact dermatitis or something
 
 ?
 
 weird
 
 call doctor
 
 its like instant sunburn
 
 lol and now im peeling
 
 Hmm
 
 i guess Im covered in bumps and im all red and itchy
 
 hmmm allergic to the sun? We're having vampires lol
 
 everywhere the fn sun hit me itches like death
 
 but I cant stop itching
 
 got the brat
 
 have to leave in twenty cause adam doesnt have a car
 
 Ow hurt grr cranky want be lazy
 
 ?
 
 grrrr
 
 all I think is how much driving hurts and thank god its saturday tomorrow
 
 You think its funny
 
 lol
 
 we should get him a car
 
 he should dive
 
 cause that would be awesome
 
 Why doesnt adam drive yet?
 
 it hurts
 
 alone
 
 now the kids ont leave me along
 
 I was hungry and I ate my feelers
 
 Hehe
 
 
 
 jk
 
 lol
 
 so is jewelry 
 
 actions are so much louder then words
 
 sucking up will get you nothing
 
 uh huh
 
 you arent a beast
 
 you are an amazing loving woman that I adore more than life itself and video games and magic combined. :D
 
 appease the beast. 
 
 if you go on lunch/ come home for lunch bring food
 
 point being
 
 lol
 
 after I double check my account
 
 Imma go get you some yummy. 
 
 LOVE YOU!. 
 
 I want to eat my pain
 
 NOW
 
 like four of them
 
 bring me a stuffed whatever cheeseburger
 
 cheeseburger
 
 so it would just make it worse
 
 Uh cause I have standards (unlike you) and would only fuck people I like
 
 then since I like them I would continue to hang out/fuck them. Then I would end up in a relationship with them and lthe usual progression fom that is love. But I promised Adam I wouldnt eave and I really dont need another Asshat ex/find a place to live that isnt here and Id probably still love you as for some reason I still love your asshat self now
 
 hehe shared something on your timeline
 
 how would you end up falling for soemone else? I'm amazing
 
 and perfect
 
 maybe I ishould go buy some salt peter
 
 but that seems childish
 
 I could just start hitting you
 
 I would start being a ho like you but Id probably end up falling for someone else and then having to live with you while that was going on would be worse
 
 I want a cheeseburger to drown my sorrows
 
 asshat
 
 uh huh
 
 Love you :) &lt;3
 
 and I have no clue wtf to do about it
 
 and you always will be
 
 a lying cheating asshat
 
 your just an asshat
 
 you dont
 
 told you that I have split personalities
 
 no one believes mes
 
 epic asshat
 
 trying to bang his sister and wife the next
 
 snuggly lovey father man one second
 
 its fucking impressive
 
 you should be proud of your asshattery
 
 seriously
 
 ?
 
 you should be proud
 
 I dont know what the hell to do with you. Seriously
 
 you dont listen to a damn thing I isay
 
 you make me crazy. I dont know how you can be so "in love" and sweet and such a fucking retarded uncaring asshat at the same time. Its really and impressive skill
 
 &lt;3
 
 put laundry away
 
 take out garbage
 
 take out recycling (theres a TON in the bedroom)
 
 clean house
 
 Bath children
 
 List of things to do tomorrow
 
 then go back to documenting offworld mission reports or whatever the hell it is you do
 
 because thats where general hammond says to put things
 
 place in front left pocket
 
 you write down list
 
 you get paper and pencil from the guy with the iris button job
 
 you have pockets
 
 I'll forget to bring it home
 
 Damn but SG1 has gone fn down hill 
 
 lol
 
 nope
 
 your telling me you have no access to either a pen or paper
 
 why would I make you a paper list
 
 I dont want to make you a paper list
 
 woman makes me crazy
 
 I know. just found out. 
 
 new bf?
 
 um......k
 
 Marissa is moving to Victoria texas. 
 
 kk make me a paper list so I can get organized when I get home
 
 like tv dinners or taquitos or hot pockets or something
 
 some kind of quick thing for me when I dont want to eat
 
 milk
 
 cereal
 
 can opener (the last one broke last night)
 
 powerade
 
 shredded cheese
 
 Sliced cheese
 
 but the list of stuff wee Need or need is
 
 The kids want eggs so I ican make them eggs in a basket
 
 what did you neeeeed from the store?
 
 okay
 
 before it gets fucked again
 
 so I think Imma empty the account today. lol 
 
 I occasionally go in and trade out his blankies for new ones but I dont wash his regularly cause there is no reason to
 
 he doesnt use them
 
 I stopped washing adams blankets about a month ago.
 
 sophia
 
 and adam probably
 
 I swear I was so many towels and blankets
 
 most of it is linens
 
 just wait till we have 11 kids. lol
 
 we have tons of kids. 
 
 why is there so much damn laundry?
 
 bwahahahaha
 
 cause I need Groceries!
 
 yay
 
 wtf
 
 and wtf russians I know blah Czech not russian but thats fucking ex ussr which is russian so :P
 
 russians is still white
 
 Balance : \n-$249.29 \nAvailable Balance : \n$250.71\nabout fuckingtime. lol
 
 lol czech
 
 and they werent crazy white guys
 
 lol
 
 and I didnt notice till we got to the school
 
 adam put his pants on backwards this morning
 
  see crazy white guy susprects
 
 yup
 
 and beating children is frowned upon
 
 I just handed him the garbage out of the bathroom and told him to clean it the fuck up. I said hes not coming down stairs today Im not buying him a new bed
 
 new sheets
 
 new curtains or anything else because he destroys everything I give him and he obviously doesnt want it anyway. Then I slammed the door and walked away. It was that or beat him
 
 I didnt even ask
 
 did he say why???
 
 all books trashed
 
 curtain torn down
 
 bed has holes
 
 some torn
 
 clothes everywhere
 
 his whole fucking room
 
 I just fucking told you what he broke and ruined
 
 what did he do?
 
 how so?
 
 all of it
 
 clostes
 
 Books
 
 bed
 
 and curtains
 
 what did he do?
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/18/maruchan-yakisoba-noodles-as-low-as-free-at-kroger/
 
 adam WRECKED his room
 
 sopha cries
 
 rofl
 
 prego porn star ;) lol
 
 but you know
 
 circumstances
 
 well except maybe the drinking like a fish and fucking like a porn star
 
 yup that picture is you
 
 
 
 why is it whenever I have a set craving and there is only one damn thing I want to eat at any given point we are broke
 
 wll the only place I can think for them is on my wall and my room is a mess thanks to someone who will remain namless and their inability to clean up their food and clothing
 
 lol
 
 it is actually cool but I have no use for it
 
 on nixabee yahoo
 
 think you'll like
 
 wall art for sale 40$
 
 picture
 
 emailing pictures
 
 booo
 
 blocked
 
 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151863021803135&amp;set=o.206326619432733&amp;type=1&amp;relevant_count=1&amp;ref=nf
 
 wtf
 
 68 degrees in the house im hot 75 im freezing to death
 
 I have heard nothing but "Im huuuuuunnnngggrrrryyy" since 8 am
 
 bubba threw out his cereal "i finished it all gone" instead of eating it
 
 :D aka Sepulveda
 
 Nikkole Xandrea Bjelk
 
 yes
 
 87?
 
 april 11?
 
 I have no background bwahahaha
 
 600-64-4412
 
 hey.. whats your ssn?
 
 rofl
 
 and its a lengthy process. but I'm starting it. lol 
 
 writing Tiffany's case manager
 
 you forgot to take out the recycle
 
 The children shall die soon
 
 uh uh
 
 wow.. you've lost it today. lol
 
 look my smiley face has a mustache
 
 people will think I listen to that crap :{P
 
 I dont want your stupid music on my wall
 
 meany
 
 :P
 
 nm youtubes back. 
 
 no
 
 share the video on your wall
 
 um no because im confused as to what the fuck you are saying
 
 PPPPlease
 
 youtube.com is being screwy
 
 nad I neeeeed music
 
 can you share the Radioactive cover from lindsey stirling on your fb?
 
 its always screwy there youd think sg1 would have better interwebs with all that asgard tech
 
 lol internet is being screwy here. 
 
 :P
 
 idgaf
 
 katina's bday today. according to fb
 
 lol
 
 go to adams room a chapter book is in pieces on the floor. "what are books for?" "reading" "is that how you read" "no" then wtf?" "um....idk I didnt want to do it"
 
 so billy climbs under the chair and lays under it "im not touching it mama"
 
 "Billy dont touch the chair" me
 
 why are our children so stupid
 
 kk
 
 it is waking me up at night and agravting me cause I already dont sleep as it
 
 this whole weirdness with my cooch is starting to really really bug me
 
 remind me I need to call the doctor at some point
 
 lol
 
 I heard about theres but its only a couple times a year
 
 and the students get it all before its public
 
 Oh well i heard the u but fuck if i know
 
 not cow or pig
 
 and what they do do in large orders is wild game
 
 dickmans doesnt do that large of orders. 
 
 Lol she never answers me its always ill look in my freezer. Dickmans lol
 
 and ask her where to get a butchered pig
 
 and cow from
 
 Have to give syl the nene meds. 
 
 At the school. 
 
 I am not now nor have i ever been squishy
 
 you alread yleave to get adam?
 
 All hormones
 
 lol   &lt;(")
 
 I blame hormones
 
 Well :p you too
 
 :P
 
 not smell liek sweat
 
 I want smell good like you
 
 lol
 
 they are either too dirty or clean
 
 but none of them smell right
 
 I want to snuggle in one of your shirts
 
 know im hormonal
 
 mwah
 
 &lt;3
 
 its always a crazy white guy
 
 I still say crazy white guy
 
 supposedly theyve arrested someone
 
 is yucky
 
 Im not eatin that crap
 
 no
 
 go make a noodle dinner from the garage. 
 
 I just dont eat
 
 Im horible about food right now
 
 Ive got to do something with me
 
 lol
 
 I guess I am still good at being nice
 
 people are stupid
 
 whatever
 
 Im like okay
 
 but I still told you you should move out cause the whole family is against your bf
 
 I guess she was tlkaing about amber
 
 how did she think it was funny?
 
 good to know
 
 she thought it was funny
 
 I contemplated adding cause hes a fucking ass but that seems mean
 
 so I messaged her and told her she should probably move then
 
 cause the whole family didnt like her bf
 
 kendra posted that people who dont like her relationship and who she is with should get out of her life. 
 
 if your gonna take lunch I would really like it if you could come by the house and get the prescription or watch the kids while I get it. otherwise I have to geti it on the way to get the kid after shcool
 
 lol fuck...
 
 plus mikey is 14
 
 and his mom wont take him to counseling because she worries about what the counselors did to her as a kid
 
 Jays issue is hes bi polar
 
 so did saundra when she got here
 
 moreso than Jay
 
 like kicking throwing
 
 etc.. 
 
 temper issues
 
 at least last time I saw him
 
 so do all of our kids
 
 okay
 
 only kicker. john. has 'issues'
 
 cause well have 7 plus four is 11 plus us is 13
 
 Okay. Well
 
 if we get the kids we will have to put the seats back in the van
 
 I copied and pasted
 
 its my sisters typing
 
 I was like fuck a white trash
 
 ll
 
 kyley will be 7 in june
 
 okay
 
 oh in june
 
 no
 
 really?
 
 june john?
 
 good thing we have a big van
 
  kyley will b 7 n june john will b 6 n june stefon is 2 n tara is 1..
 
 oh yeah...shit
 
 I forgot she had anther one
 
 apparently its four kids.
 
 because my family would consider it important too
 
 I was talking to my mother when you asked and she was like well duh you take the kids. They are family
 
 you always take family (which weirdly shows where I got it from) anyway point being we could figure it out
 
 that does not involve evil people
 
 If we get approval to take the kids we can find a way to get the money
 
 We could ask my family
 
 grrrrr
 
 I'll have to talk to Allen because i cant afford to drive up there without help. 
 
 if I can get approval to take responsibility of my sis's kids. I will have to break a rule I set in 2008
 
 which is weird
 
 the kids get out at 2:40 today
 
 whatever you wanna do honey
 
 I'll just try to do the stuff this weekend. or today I'll try to do the distributor cap and rotor
 
 kk
 
 I dont get money till the 1st
 
 I dont get money till the 26th
 
 and bouncing it for 10$ isn't really worth it
 
 even if it will get the nissan running
 
 we need to hold your account incase we need gas in the next two weeks. 
 
 i found 1.00 and some pennies. we could od my account... :( but i dont wnt to cause i hate people
 
 kk
 
 weve even spent the change
 
 we has no money
 
 no
 
 its just for gas for Kateys car
 
 can we scrounge up like 10$ from somewhere?
 
 I had to buy something
 
 no 
 
 do we have the lotto ticket worth 10$ in the formula can still?
 
 lol
 
 but yeah
 
 I better get sainted after this shit though
 
 cause I love those brats but Jay needs ALOT of one on one time 
 
 and I can be like bitch kids
 
 then they will be all happy military family
 
 im hoping katey lasts until her sister is married and her hubby is situated
 
 ya. which means we adopt jay and keira because amanda cant take care of kids
 
 katey not your sister
 
 and shes not even blood
 
 trying to get ehr to get me a number to call
 
 you know if Katey offs herself we get jay and kira until her sister is situated
 
 gotta dos it even if its crazy
 
 You know how I was raised
 
 family dude
 
 I dont even know if its possible
 
 just a thought at the moment
 
 3x6 3x 4 and 2x1 plus 2x nb
 
 it wouldn't be a permenant thing. it would be until she got her shit straight
 
 and she knows I'm tougher than the damn state. when it comes to kids
 
 fuck
 
 maybe 1 4 6
 
 I think
 
 1 3 5?
 
 yeah fuck
 
 3 kiddos
 
 but fuck
 
 they are family
 
 so you know we do what we gotta do 
 
 they are threatening to adopt them out before she can get them back
 
 kk.. I might call and see if we can get them since I'm family. 
 
 I dont know if I can handle that
 
 or if we have the money
 
 thats a scary thing
 
 I would be up for fostering
 
 but the thought of more children
 
 I dont know
 
 the ones they took away from her. 
 
 um...
 
 no. my sisters kids. 
 
 duh
 
 the brats?
 
 weird question I knwo. 
 
 so... question... would you be up for adopting
 
 if it gets approved?
 
 lmfao
 
 and I was like fuck you now im going to go to the zoo mofo
 
 he was lik eyou cant walk itsbad
 
 My brother ran out of the house cause I wnt to get the lid to the crockpot (mom found it) and a paper towel so I could check the transmision fluid
 
 fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
 
 I have to leave now huh
 
 fuck
 
 I might possibly be not dealing with the pain so well todya
 
 FALL OUT OF THE DAMN CHAIR WRITH ON THE FLOOR SCREAMING YOU PANSY ASS MOTHER FUCKER
 
 SERIOUSLY
 
 FEEL THE OW
 
 I CURSE YOU WITH THE PAIN OF ME
 
 I HATE YOU 
 
 JAY AND SILENT BOB&gt; LOL
 
 fuck fuck fuck.. mother mother fuck
 
 mother mother fuck smoking weed
 
 smoking weed
 
 diong coke
 
 drinking beer
 
 
 
 god damn it
 
 fuck
 
 or walking up and down stairs
 
 Im pretty sure im either dying or going to dy while driving
 
 which seems less and less likely everyday
 
 and thats only if I survive this
 
 and then its back to this hell
 
 or until my tubal fails
 
 yeah until I chicken out and condoms get forgotten
 
 just think. last pregnancy
 
 I'm sorry hun... 
 
 and useless
 
 its stupd
 
 The babys come about when the kids get out
 
 five more to 8 more weeks of pregnancy
 
 6 more weeks of school
 
 couple more weeks is all isn't it?
 
 no more school
 
 I hate school
 
 fuck
 
 cause your workig
 
 im going to have to pick up adam huh
 
 if the house is a mess oh well they get into shit oh well
 
 I cant get up so fuck it
 
 Ive given up
 
 fuck
 
 damn fucking kids are gonna be the death of me
 
 also there are enough dishes for me to not do right now
 
 :P
 
 picky ass
 
 we have one handlesss pot and it works fine
 
 it works fine
 
 and we could get rid of one of our handless pots
 
 I cook with what I got
 
 why
 
 teething still
 
 and I think they would be useful. 
 
 whats wrong with sophia?
 
 Poor Sophia
 
 youd have to one come up with the money two figure out where in hell we would put everything cause already that shit is crowded
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/at-home/cast-iron-dutch-oven-and-skillet-set-just-29-shipped-at-amazon/
 
 fucking a
 
 fucking little shits are supposed to be napping but no mommy has to run up and down the stairs chasing them and yelling
 
 Our children are evil
 
 fuck
 
 oh....  hunny... I'm sorry 
 
 saundra wouldnt stop crying for no fucking reason and some lazy ass dad was letting his adhd fucking kid run crazy and he kept stealing shit from saundra and yelling and trying to get the kids to run with him and I feel like crap and I hurt so fucking bad I havent eaten anything because I havent had time and I cant get up
 
 bubba would not listen to a damn thing
 
 rene is cranky cause she hurts
 
 sopha is cranky
 
 
 
 that was honestly horible
 
 I feel like death
 
 kk Mwah. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/at-home/free-8x10-canvas-print-from-canvas-people-just-pay-shipping/
 
 ttyl ?&lt;3
 
 gotta leave in like ten 
 
 I gtg get the kids ready
 
 good thing I told her we was broke then lol
 
 lol 
 
 so no.. lol we can't help your mum
 
 because it should be like that. Its annoying. 
 
 when your negative for more then two pay checks in a row
 
 it does this every two months
 
 yeah so why are you flipping
 
 to actual balance is correct
 
 Balance : \n-$119.93 Available Balance : \n$90.71
 
 its probably doing that weird "available" being like 200 short hting
 
  and okay so what does it say your "actual" balance is
 
 and with vs   we should be about -200 because of fees.but that means we should hvae 300 availalbe not 90
 
 including starting from -500 before getting paid. 
 
 we should be -119
 
 Iknow. I did the math. 
 
 you were already negative 500 bucks
 
 they had breakfast and the damn fucking snacks and they fucking are trying to eat my food
 
 grrr...
 
 so where is the rest of my damn money... 
 
 Im going to kill the kids
 
 I think thats it
 
 anything else?
 
 hasn't come out yet
 
 (in words
 
 but moneys is probably gone already)
 
 vs was 50$
 
 home insurance doesnt come out until next moenth
 
 vs?
 
 insurance you wer egonna pay
 
 fries gas
 
 tep capital one cox firestone oreilly 
 
 the gas
 
 and the frys stuff came out already
 
 is there anything lse?
 
 capital one
 
 tep
 
 firestone
 
 and so has cox
 
 looks like it
 
 I mean oreilly has already come out
 
 ?
 
 is it doing that weird thing again wher eyou have 500 but it wont let you touch it
 
 Available Balance : \n$90.71  wtf?
 
 cause hungry ALL THE TIME
 
 and quick fix food for mes
 
 OR HAMBURGER
 
 cow meat that IS NOT RIBS
 
 shredded cheese
 
 sliced cheese
 
 hot dogs
 
 bread
 
 powerade
 
 Things we "need" or you know actually need
 
 I need to get moer powerade
 
 seriously its annoying
 
 not the food that I want when I have it
 
 we never have any food
 
 Im hungry
 
 cause MONEY $$$$
 
 so you CANT 
 
 and I want to steal your cards
 
 lol
 
 and my money worry kicks in
 
 buy you think with your smaller brain
 
 I know
 
 I know we have no money. lol
 
 not money
 
 offer monopoly money
 
 MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY
 
 because MONEY
 
 it annoys me
 
 we have no money
 
 stop offering women money
 
 yeppers
 
 5003
 
 and you know my pin
 
 kk
 
 Nikkole X Bjelk
 
 6540 e 38th st 85730
 
 I might try to use your card. then. Whats the address on your card. 
 
 kk
 
 I have to go take rene to the docs at 10:15 for the bladder infection
 
 okay I wont be home then
 
 then I'll message you
 
 kk I'll try to do it after the 10:00 meeting
 
 tada money
 
 put the cash in the machine
 
 and my pin. press deposit
 
 put my card in
 
 go to the atm
 
 go to the b of a right there by the commisary
 
 you pull money out of your account
 
 huh wondered where that went
 
 you have my debit card?
 
 yes 5 positive
 
 and you're 5$ positive?
 
 I have your card.. how do I deposit money in your account?
 
 thats why mom had to by the pizzas for saturday
 
 you really pay no attention to anything do you
 
 I have 5.00
 
 do you have 50$ in  your account?
 
 and doesnt ork well
 
 its stupid
 
 I hate your bank
 
 it fucking does that
 
 so there is something wrong with yor card or something
 
 It wont let me place the order
 
 nope still saying mismatch address
 
 and I think I know where we live
 
 mastercard
 
 visa?
 
 mastercard?
 
 7962 E 2nd St Tucson Az 85710
 
 116
 
 A Phillip Johnson
 
 12/13
 
 5515120002841107
 
 por favor
 
 card info
 
 2 baskets
 
 assorted bread
 
 and carrots please? :)
 
 it doesnt like work computers for some reason. 
 
 I got declined for AVS mismatch.. 
 
 apj_elfman@yahoo.com\nelfman89
 
 why am I on here
 
 grr.. will you go to the BB site?
 
 kk
 
 na
 
 herb pack or no?
 
 kk
 
 Not really but your gonna get them anyway
 
 We have asparagus and it is still chepaer at fries right now I think
 
 do you want carrots again?
 
 the asparagus is expensive though. lol
 
 the carrots are cheap 
 
 I dint see anything tht wasnt a ridiculous fyck amount
 
 anything else?
 
 and carrots? etc...?
 
 Assorted bread
 
 they have carrots again
 
 want any extras?
 
 Sourdough Bread - 5 - 20 oz. loaves\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaAssorted bread pack (2 loaves savory 9 grain
 
 2 loaves english muffin bread
 
 1 baguette)\n(Max 5)  $10.00 eaOriginal Granola 28 oz. -Ingredients:Oats
 
 honey
 
 almonds
 
 coconut oil
 
 pumpkin seeds
 
 sunflower seeds
 
 sesame seeds
 
 salt
 
 natu\n(Max 5)  $10.00 ea\nVeggie Lovers Pack - Asian Theme - Add extra veggies to your basket! An asian themed variety to help fill out the dinner table!\n(Max 5)  $9.00 ea\nCarrots approx 25 pound loose carrots from Mexico\n(Max 5)  $10.50 ea\nFuji Apples - Approx 40 lb - Product of Washington State\n(Max 5)  $23.00 ea\nRoma Tomatoes - Approx 25 lbs - Product of Mexico\n(Max 5)  $14.50 ea\nORGANIC Asparagus - 11 Lb from Mexico\n(Max 5)  $27.00 eaORGANIC 100% Honey Whole Wheat Bread - 5 pack\n(Max 5)  $12.00 eaFresh Herb Pack - Hoping for - Basil
 
 Chives
 
 Cilantro
 
 Dill
 
 Mint
 
 Oregano
 
 Parsley
 
 Rosemary
 
 Sage
 
 Tarragon
 
 Thyme
 
 Garlic\n(Max 5)  $12.00 ea
 
 Yes i miss fruit
 
 did you want me to order Bountiful baskets today?
 
 Stool cranky but teeth
 
 sophia feeling better?
 
 mornin
 
 that seems like a very very  bad idea
 
 who in hell would blow up the kremlin
 
 so far...wtf. 
 
 I never bothered to watch  ghost proticol before.
 
  why do they put tom cruise in everyhing? It makes me sad
 
 I told her if shes good and takes naps like she is supposed to when she is 4 she can sleep on the couch.
 
 saundra has to go take  a nap in her bed. Youd think the world had ended
 
 fuckikng screaming children
 
 seriously when did that happen?
 
 lol
 
 nicholas cage got old as shit
 
 its all grrr
 
 I think my uterus is going to explode
 
 Your yoga
 
 Im not yoda
 
 yoda
 
 are you
 
 Try to save $$so we arent fucked wgen we do
 
 Kk 
 
 according to the site. lol
 
 apparently we owe nothing on the Home Owners insuance currently. 
 
 1008.61
 
 4/5
 
 and premium (total) for policy
 
 policy effect date
 
 
 
 A Phillip Johnson
 
 what is my nam on the Allstate stuff?
 
 vs is done
 
 policy number 816954742
 
   allstate.com
 
 Capital one paid
 
 the big envelope from yesterday
 
 she cant fn sit
 
 Saundra is making me nuts
 
 can you open the insurance packet we got so I can get the info to pay it?
 
 okie dokie artichokie
 
 cox paid
 
 it doesnt pay off what you already owed
 
 insurance replaces your phone with a little money
 
 no
 
 grrr...
 
 thought we fixed that with the insurance... 
 
 is the buy date
 
 july of last year
 
 fucktard
 
 the one you drove over
 
 we are still paying on
 
 Your old fucking phone
 
 whos the hell is this one? the other one is ours.. but whos. is this...\n Equipment Installment Plan 2012070925556 Back to payment Equipment on this plan Description  Price:  Down payment:  Monthly payment:  \nSAM T589 GRAVITY SMART LUNAR GREY KIT  $229.99  $29.99  $10.00/mo.  \nTotal:  $229.99  $29.99  $10.00  \n\nPlan details\n Unpaid plan balance:  $130.00  \nPlan start date:  07/09/2012  \nMonthly payment:  $10.00/mo.  \nPlan ID#:  2012070925556  \nRemaining installment periods:  13  \n
 
 yeah its tacked on there
 
 one of the phones is like 500$. wtf!. lol
 
 ok. 
 
 Im pretty sure they lump it all together
 
 I think that it is included in our montly bil
 
 but there is a seperate section you can view. 
 
 its our monthly payment for the new phones. 
 
 go to the Tmobile site. 
 
 wtf
 
 k I'll try when I get home. 
 
 equipment installation w
 
 the other one doesnt
 
 target prints
 
 so no
 
 wont print
 
 is the tmobile 'equipment installation' plan taken out of ou monthly bill?or do I have to pay that seperately?
 
 is the printer usb plugged in? since that keeps getting unplugged. lol
 
 I odnt know I just [pushed buttons fuck if it prints or not
 
 TEP paid
 
 the coffe mate .com ones
 
 and the Target one. that they talk about in the description
 
 tard
 
 oh coffee mate okay
 
 what am I printing?
 
 since its 25 cents a bottle
 
 we dont need it
 
 but I'm giving the coupons to Sgt Hammond to buy for the coffee supply here at work. 
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/2013/04/14/coffee-mate-liquid-creamer-only-0-25-at-target/ can you print the stuff for this please? and if you have to sign up  for anything use apj_elfman@yahoo.com and elfman89 for the password
 
 thats fine with me
 
 good?
 
 so I need to go get gas in the van tonight with the 50 cents off at frys sound god?
 
 22nd and kolb not broadway
 
 then up kolb to tanqueverde thats not that far
 
 cause his friend lived 22 and camino
 
 the other two lived by pv which is 22nd and broadway and then he drove up0 to tanqueverde and kolb
 
 yeah he aint the sharpest sometimes he must a drove in circles. Cause from here to his friends to the savoy would have been MAYBE 30 miles if there was some back tracking involved.
 
 no wonder it was pissy
 
 mikey put like 60 miles on it Saturday. lol
 
 kk cadi is on like under a half. 
 
 the van gets cranky if it gets below a quarter tank
 
 need to get gas tonight probably or tomorrow morning
 
 still saves me/gas
 
 around like 1245ish
 
 crazy man
 
 since you wont be picking adam up until the afternoon from school
 
 oh .. ok
 
 from school 
 
 for what?
 
 pick up rene?
 
 btw adams at school and if you can get off early enough to swing by here first pick up rene too save us some gas money since the van is down to a quarter tank
 
 or tomorrow at the latest
 
 and you need to get soy milk on your way home
 
 capital one
 
 vs
 
 insurance house
 
 cox
 
 tmobile
 
 Tep
 
 do you remember what I had to pay?
 
 I dk hopefully she will be here soon and I can go
 
 I dont know hun. 
 
 shes threatening an ambulance but I dont want to scare the kids I already keep crying and screaming and having to tell htem its okay If I get carted out in an ambulance they are gonna freak
 
 shes yelling at me cause I cant answer her questions on what I want to go on
 
 moms on her way over
 
 idk
 
 then he said he has ann interview
 
 Kris said he was worried about his stuff getting stolen
 
 Idk idk moms on her way. 
 
 ?
 
 Apparentlyfuck tard doestolensnt want his shit t
 
 I dont know ou and mom can fight
 
 kk do you want me to go to the hospital
 
 or go get the kids?
 
 Ill be at umc
 
 Ok
 
 I'm getting off at around 12 today
 
 because I asked.
 
 It hurts so fucking bad
 
 Moms coming to atxh th kid s. Fuck im not okay ined you hom asap\n
 
 wat is kris doing?
 
 It hurts
 
 ok
 
 Id go now but I have no one to watch the fucking kids because kris cant come here he is "doing something" 
 
 Im still hurting and aiden isnt moving
 
 when you get home I need to go to the er
 
 one sippy full fine
 
 almond milke replacing soy milk not so much
 
 she exploded eveywhere
 
 oh and almond milk isnt si tting right with sopha
 
 Im....irritated
 
 cause you decided farmville was more important then cleaning up your mess so that I wouldnt have to
 
 clean house or I will
 
 you Are cleaning
 
 and you are going to clean like no man ever cleaned before because this is bullshit. Your crap is everywhere
 
 your dog leaves his crap everywhere. Plus Im cleaning up after the kids and the stomach is trying to kill me sooo. Yeah
 
 Im not going to yell at you
 
 Im notgoing to tell you specifics. Im gonna tell you your a grown ass man. Fucking clean. 
 
 apparently my spleen fucking hurts
 
 good to know
 
 my spleen
 
 idk
 
 what is directly under my left ribs?
 
 If I have to pee sometime soon your gonna have to wash the computer chair
 
 so mom let him kee the van hes not too happy about it but he said he will do it which is good because I cant get up right now
 
 fcuk
 
 ouch
 
 across town or something
 
 Aaron has an appt tonight so mom couldnt take the van because aaron woul dhave had to talke like six busses
 
 oh... ok
 
 I talked to mom
 
 he has the van
 
 which will be around 330ish
 
 I can pick him up on my way home. 
 
 just tell kris you need him to walk and get adam. 
 
 fuck shit
 
 tahts stupid your there
 
 fuck wait Ill call
 
 I dont think I can drive
 
 call someone
 
 call kris
 
 call my mom 
 
 Phillip you need to call someone
 
 I dont really see that happening
 
 I gotta leave in fifteen minutes
 
 Im that fucking in pain
 
 I told Katey she cant come over
 
 I got sophias appt rescheduled
 
 he can walk or something
 
 I fucking hurt
 
 not joking
 
 lol
 
 okay
 
 im going to leave adam at school okay
 
 im going to kill the dog if he touches me again
 
 ok
 
 Imma
 
 ins?
 
 Kk INS get gas and pick you up some Tylenol
 
 no ibruprofen I know and I think asprin is off too
 
 i think tylonol is about it
 
 Don't think so
 
 what can you take?
 
 do we have any pain killers?
 
  Fuck ow. It hurts i dobt know ehy fuck ow
 
 that he had to pick her  up
 
 cause he was at hollys house he "forgot"\n
 
 why didn't he pick her up?
 
 so when she doesn tfeel well she tells him to fuck off and takes the van
 
 mom isnt feeling well and last time she had him take the van and drive her to work he wouldnt pick her up and she had to bike to school
 
 doenst have the van
 
 kris
 
 how am I oing to take her to an appt at 1:30 and pick adam up at 2:45
 
 shit
 
 grr I forgot sopha has her one year check up today
 
 i hurt bad snd im dizzy/sparlky or id go myself just cause im hungry
 
 lol
 
 wouldnt help anyways cause I wouldnt get foor for three hours
 
 its AAFES only
 
 and the commissary is DECA
 
 unfortunately the STAR card doesnt work at the Commisary
 
 I could pack up and go  to the store but quite frankly I  feel like shit and would rather starve then move
 
 I grabbed some out of the freezer for tonight. But its not helping me at the moment
 
 hmm...
 
 I'm not sure if we have any steak left.. 
 
 I took out the recycling 
 
 we have no food and Im all rosemary's baby status craving raw steak
 
 plus some because no one lives to be 100
 
 my life is a quarter over
 
 yes I fucking am
 
 22 is not old. :)
 
 you are not old dear
 
 im going to go continue to do all the shit I do everyday plus some because the damn dog just decided that the garbage can with coffee grounds is his favortite then Im going to curl up and cry for an hour because my life sucks and Im old
 
 whatever
 
 Oh.. babe. I'm sorry... I hadn't looked at the calender until you said something. I'm horrible with days... Happy Birthday. You're 22 right? :)
 
 and LOOK AT THE DAMN CALANDER ASS FACE
 
 I feel like shit
 
 I havent eaten breakfast
 
 after the kids
 
 after you
 
 I cleaned up after the dog
 
 Lets see
 
 I didnt sleep last night
 
 I got out of bed and dealt with the kids at 4:30
 
 5:30 and 6:30 becaus eyour too damn lazy too
 
 Seriously...
 
 ?
 
 asshole
 
 Fuck off and die
 
 http://thekrazycouponlady.com/at-home/pure-bamboo-bread-bin-78-off-at-amazon/
 
 &lt;3
 
 Not not nitty
 
 GRR!
 
 Car
 
 if we fix it... 1084$ what the fuck?! packrat damage
 
 and nitty enough spark to the distributor from the ignition coil
 
  Lol
 
 nope
 
 I said aloha to you :)
 
 Confuse me with someone else's
 
 Lol
 
 aloha 
 
 Uh huh
 
 mwah. love you :)
 
 Imma put on makevup and look pretty. Cause i feel like death and look like a whale in a mumu
 
 lol
 
 so yeah
 
 also I am torn part of me really wants you out of the military because I hate their lack of organization
 
 hypocrasy and the fact that they own you. the other half of me Goes NOOOOOO YOU NEED A JOB
 
 fucking needs to get over writting his name everywhere
 
 little shi9t
 
 I went to get back on the computer turn the screen back on and both of the fb slots say Adam
 
 I dont know wether to smack adam when I get done today or congradulate him
 
 uh huh
 
 get to work or something
 
 He's going potty
 
 your supposed to be toutoring get the fuck off fb
 
 Sent you a text with it but it looks creepier in person
 
 got adams pictures in
 
 he looks creepy as fuck like OMG holy shit scary
 
 apparently they hadnt delivered babies in that hospital in over 15 years
 
 lol
 
 ?
 
 watching I didnt know I was pregnant on youtube cause it always boosts my mood. Nurse just ran from the room "its a head its a head"
 
 know where I can get some wooden stakes? Or possibly silver bullets
 
 deaths befitting the evil that they are
 
 and they will die
 
 I will kill my children
 
 kk
 
 he just generalized and since he is doing me a favor I didnt poke
 
 fucking a I cant spell
 
 y
 
 he wouldnt specifie
 
 he smoking weed? drinkiing.. what is she pissy about?
 
 so he was in a good mood
 
 I guess she had been avoiding him because some unspecified thing he was doing. So he called and confronted her and she was like youve been doing blank. ANd he was like why didnt you tell me so I could stop doing blank and she was like yeah....that probably could have worked too huh
 
 no he just fixed his holly probl;em right before I called
 
 is he medicated? LMFAO
 
 lol. 
 
 fucking weird shit
 
 he was just like yeah I can do that
 
 he actually didnt argue with me. Like at all
 
 make him do it. lol
 
 Imma cal kris he wont like it but fuck him
 
 Rene cranky not feeling well and Saundras been asleep for three hours so I really dont want to wake her p]]}
